# Daily Coding Problems 1101 - 1200

## Problem 1101 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Consider the following scenario: there are `N` mice and `N` holes placed at integer points along a line. Given this, find a method that maps mice to holes such that the largest number of steps any mouse takes is minimized.

Each move consists of moving one mouse one unit to the left or right, and only one mouse can fit inside each hole.

For example, suppose the mice are positioned at `[1, 4, 9, 15]`, and the holes are located at `[10, -5, 0, 16]`. In this case, the best pairing would require us to send the mouse at `1` to the hole at `-5`, so our function should return `6`.

## Problem 1102 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Walmart Labs.

There are `M` people sitting in a row of `N` seats, where `M < N`. Your task is to redistribute people such that there are no gaps between any of them, while keeping overall movement to a minimum.

For example, suppose you are faced with an input of `[0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1]`, where `0` represents an empty seat and `1` represents a person. In this case, one solution would be to place the person on the right in the fourth seat. We can consider the cost of a solution to be the sum of the absolute distance each person must move, so that the cost here would be five.

Given an input such as the one above, return the lowest possible cost of moving people to remove all gaps.

## Problem 1103 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Slack.

You are given an N by M matrix of `0`s and `1`s. Starting from the top left corner, how many ways are there to reach the bottom right corner?

You can only move right and down. `0` represents an empty space while `1` represents a wall you cannot walk through.

For example, given the following matrix:

```
[[0, 0, 1],
 [0, 0, 1],
 [1, 0, 0]]
```

Return two, as there are only two ways to get to the bottom right:

- Right, down, down, right
- Down, right, down, right

The top left corner and bottom right corner will always be `0`.

## Problem 1104 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Yelp.

Given a mapping of digits to letters (as in a phone number), and a digit string, return all possible letters the number could represent. You can assume each valid number in the mapping is a single digit.

For example if {“2”: [“a”, “b”, “c”], 3: [“d”, “e”, “f”], …} then “23” should return [“ad”, “ae”, “af”, “bd”, “be”, “bf”, “cd”, “ce”, “cf"].

## Problem 1105 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a multiset of integers, return whether it can be partitioned into two subsets whose sums are the same.

For example, given the multiset `{15, 5, 20, 10, 35, 15, 10}`, it would return true, since we can split it up into `{15, 5, 10, 15, 10}` and `{20, 35},` which both add up to `55`.

Given the multiset `{15, 5, 20, 10, 35}`, it would return false, since we can't split it up into two subsets that add up to the same sum.

## Problem 1106 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Mailchimp.

You are given an array representing the heights of neighboring buildings on a city street, from east to west. The city assessor would like you to write an algorithm that returns how many of these buildings have a view of the setting sun, in order to properly value the street.

For example, given the array `[3, 7, 8, 3, 6, 1]`, you should return `3`, since the top floors of the buildings with heights `8`, `6`, and `1` all have an unobstructed view to the west.

Can you do this using just one forward pass through the array?

## Problem 1107 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Adobe.

You are given a tree with an even number of nodes. Consider each connection between a parent and child node to be an "edge". You would like to remove some of these edges, such that the disconnected subtrees that remain each have an even number of nodes.

For example, suppose your input was the following tree:

```
   1
  / \ 
 2   3
    / \ 
   4   5
 / | \
6  7  8
```

In this case, removing the edge (3, 4) satisfies our requirement.

Write a function that returns the *maximum* number of edges you can remove while still satisfying this requirement.

## Problem 1108 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Pandora.

Given an undirected graph, determine if it contains a cycle.

## Problem 1109 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given a pivot `x`, and a list `lst`, partition the list into three parts.

- The first part contains all elements in `lst` that are less than `x`
- The second part contains all elements in `lst` that are equal to `x`
- The third part contains all elements in `lst` that are larger than `x`

Ordering within a part can be arbitrary.

For example, given `x = 10` and `lst = [9, 12, 3, 5, 14, 10, 10]`, one partition may be `[9, 3, 5, 10, 10, 12, 14]`.

## Problem 1110 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Netflix.

Given an array of integers, determine whether it contains a Pythagorean triplet. Recall that a Pythogorean triplet `(a, b, c)` is defined by the equation `a^2 + b^2 = c^2`.

## Problem 1111 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

At a popular bar, each customer has a set of favorite drinks, and will happily accept any drink among this set. For example, in the following situation, customer `0` will be satisfied with drinks `0`, `1`, `3`, or `6`.

```
preferences = {
    0: [0, 1, 3, 6],
    1: [1, 4, 7],
    2: [2, 4, 7, 5],
    3: [3, 2, 5],
    4: [5, 8]
}
```

A lazy bartender working at this bar is trying to reduce his effort by limiting the drink recipes he must memorize. Given a dictionary input such as the one above, return the fewest number of drinks he must learn in order to satisfy all customers.

For the input above, the answer would be `2`, as drinks `1` and `5` will satisfy everyone.

## Problem 1112 [Easy]

This question was asked by Apple.

Given a binary tree, find a minimum path sum from root to a leaf.

For example, the minimum path in this tree is [10, 5, 1, -1], which has sum 15.

```
  10
 /  \
5    5
 \     \
   2    1
       /
     -1
```

## Problem 1113 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Palantir.

A typical American-style crossword puzzle grid is an `N x N` matrix with black and white squares, which obeys the following rules:

- Every white square must be part of an "across" word and a "down" word.
- No word can be fewer than three letters long.
- Every white square must be reachable from every other white square.
- The grid is rotationally symmetric (for example, the colors of the top left and bottom right squares must match).

Write a program to determine whether a given matrix qualifies as a crossword grid.

## Problem 1114 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Uber.

On election day, a voting machine writes data in the form `(voter_id, candidate_id)` to a text file. Write a program that reads this file as a stream and returns the top `3` candidates at any given time. If you find a voter voting more than once, report this as fraud.

## Problem 1115 [Medium]

This question was asked by Google.

Given an integer `n` and a list of integers `l`, write a function that randomly generates a number from `0` to `n-1` that isn't in `l` (uniform).

## Problem 1116 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Google.

A quack is a data structure combining properties of both stacks and queues. It can be viewed as a list of elements written left to right such that three operations are possible:

- `push(x)`: add a new item `x` to the left end of the list
- `pop()`: remove and return the item on the left end of the list
- `pull()`: remove the item on the right end of the list.

Implement a quack using three stacks and `O(1)` additional memory, so that the amortized time for any push, pop, or pull operation is `O(1)`.

## Problem 1117 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Implement 3 stacks using a single list:

```
class Stack:
    def __init__(self):
        self.list = []

    def pop(self, stack_number):
        pass

    def push(self, item, stack_number):
        pass
```

## Problem 1118 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Dropbox.

What does the below code snippet print out? How can we fix the anonymous functions to behave as we'd expect?

```python
functions = []
for i in range(10):
    functions.append(lambda : i)

for f in functions:
    print(f())
```

## Problem 1119 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Etsy.

Given an array of numbers `N` and an integer `k`, your task is to split `N` into `k` partitions such that the maximum sum of any partition is minimized. Return this sum.

For example, given `N = [5, 1, 2, 7, 3, 4]` and `k = 3`, you should return `8`, since the optimal partition is `[5, 1, 2], [7], [3, 4]`.

## Problem 1120 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

You are in an infinite 2D grid where you can move in any of the 8 directions:

```
 (x,y) to
    (x+1, y),
    (x - 1, y),
    (x, y+1),
    (x, y-1),
    (x-1, y-1),
    (x+1,y+1),
    (x-1,y+1),
    (x+1,y-1)
```

You are given a sequence of points and the order in which you need to cover the points. Give the minimum number of steps in which you can achieve it. You start from the first point.

Example:

```
Input: [(0, 0), (1, 1), (1, 2)]
Output: 2
```

It takes 1 step to move from `(0, 0)` to `(1, 1)`. It takes one more step to move from `(1, 1)` to `(1, 2)`.

## Problem 1121 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Affirm.

Given a array of numbers representing the stock prices of a company in chronological order, write a function that calculates the maximum profit you could have made from buying and selling that stock. You're also given a number `fee` that represents a transaction fee for each buy and sell transaction.

You must buy before you can sell the stock, but you can make as many transactions as you like.

For example, given [1, 3, 2, 8, 4, 10] and `fee = 2`, you should return 9, since you could buy the stock at 1 dollar, and sell at 8 dollars, and then buy it at 4 dollars and sell it at 10 dollars. Since we did two transactions, there is a 4 dollar fee, so we have 7 + 6 = 13 profit minus 4 dollars of fees.

## Problem 1122 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Two Sigma.

Ghost is a two-person word game where players alternate appending letters to a word. The first person who spells out a word, or creates a prefix for which there is no possible continuation, loses. Here is a sample game:

- Player 1: `g`
- Player 2: `h`
- Player 1: `o`
- Player 2: `s`
- Player 1: `t` [loses]

Given a dictionary of words, determine the letters the first player should start with, such that with optimal play they cannot lose.

For example, if the dictionary is `["cat", "calf", "dog", "bear"]`, the only winning start letter would be `b`.

## Problem 1123 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given a set of distinct positive integers, find the largest subset such that every pair of elements in the subset (i, j) satisfies either i % j = 0 or j % i = 0.

For example, given the set [3, 5, 10, 20, 21], you should return [5, 10, 20]. Given [1, 3, 6, 24], return [1, 3, 6, 24].

## Problem 1124 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Let X be a set of n intervals on the real line. We say that a set of points P "stabs" X if every interval in X contains at least one point in P. Compute the smallest set of points that stabs X.

For example, given the intervals `[(1, 4), (4, 5), (7, 9), (9, 12)]`, you should return `[4, 9]`.

## Problem 1125 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Lyft.

Given a list of integers and a number K, return which contiguous elements of the list sum to K.

For example, if the list is [1, 2, 3, 4, 5] and K is 9, then it should return [2, 3, 4], since 2 + 3 + 4 = 9.

## Problem 1126 [Medium]

This is same as 350.

## Problem 1127 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given a string, find the length of the smallest window that contains every distinct character. Characters may appear more than once in the window.

For example, given "jiujitsu", you should return `5`, corresponding to the final five letters.

## Problem 1128 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Given a number in the form of a list of digits, return all possible permutations.

For example, given `[1,2,3]`, return `[[1,2,3],[1,3,2],[2,1,3],[2,3,1],[3,1,2],[3,2,1]]`.

## Problem 1129 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given pre-order and in-order traversals of a binary tree, write a function to reconstruct the tree.

For example, given the following preorder traversal:

[a, b, d, e, c, f, g]

And the following inorder traversal:

[d, b, e, a, f, c, g]

You should return the following tree:

```
    a
   / \
  b   c
 / \ / \
d  e f  g
```

## Problem 1130 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Apple.

Given a tree, find the largest tree/subtree that is a BST.

Given a tree, return the size of the largest tree/subtree that is a BST.

## Problem 1131 [Hard]

This problem was asked by MIT.

[Blackjack](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blackjack) is a two player card game whose rules are as follows:

- The player and then the dealer are each given two cards.
- The player can then "hit", or ask for arbitrarily many additional cards, so long as their total does not exceed `21`.
- The dealer must then hit if their total is `16` or lower, otherwise pass.
- Finally, the two compare totals, and the one with the greatest sum not exceeding `21` is the winner.

For this problem, cards values are counted as follows: each card between `2` and `10` counts as their face value, face cards count as `10`, and aces count as `1`.

Given perfect knowledge of the sequence of cards in the deck, implement a blackjack solver that maximizes the player's score (that is, wins minus losses).

## Problem 1132 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Write a function that rotates a list by k elements. For example, `[1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6]` rotated by two becomes `[3, 4, 5, 6, 1, 2]`. Try solving this without creating a copy of the list. How many swap or move operations do you need?

## Problem 1133 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Yelp.

Given a mapping of digits to letters (as in a phone number), and a digit string, return all possible letters the number could represent. You can assume each valid number in the mapping is a single digit.

For example if {“2”: [“a”, “b”, “c”], 3: [“d”, “e”, “f”], …} then “23” should return [“ad”, “ae”, “af”, “bd”, “be”, “bf”, “cd”, “ce”, “cf"].

## Problem 1134 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Compute the running median of a sequence of numbers. That is, given a stream of numbers, print out the median of the list so far on each new element.

Recall that the median of an even-numbered list is the average of the two middle numbers.

For example, given the sequence [2, 1, 5, 7, 2, 0, 5], your algorithm should print out:

```
2
1.5
2
3.5
2
2
2
```

## Problem 1135 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

The power set of a set is the set of all its subsets. Write a function that, given a set, generates its power set.

For example, given the set `{1, 2, 3}`, it should return `{{}, {1}, {2}, {3}, {1, 2}, {1, 3}, {2, 3}, {1, 2, 3}}`.

You may also use a list or array to represent a set.

## Problem 1136 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Yelp.

The horizontal distance of a binary tree node describes how far left or right the node will be when the tree is printed out.

More rigorously, we can define it as follows:

- The horizontal distance of the root is 0.
- The horizontal distance of a left child is `hd(parent) - 1`.
- The horizontal distance of a right child is `hd(parent) + 1`.

For example, for the following tree, `hd(1) = -2`, and `hd(6) = 0`.

```
             5
          /     \
        3         7
      /  \      /   \
    1     4    6     9
   /                /
  0                8
```

The bottom view of a tree, then, consists of the lowest node at each horizontal distance. If there are two nodes at the same depth and horizontal distance, either is acceptable.

For this tree, for example, the bottom view could be `[0, 1, 3, 6, 8, 9]`.

Given the root to a binary tree, return its bottom view.

## Problem 1137 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Jane Street.

`cons(a, b)` constructs a pair, and `car(pair)` and `cdr(pair)` returns the first and last element of that pair. For example, `car(cons(3, 4))` returns `3`, and `cdr(cons(3, 4))` returns `4`.

Given this implementation of cons:

```
def cons(a, b):
    def pair(f):
        return f(a, b)
    return pair
```

Implement `car` and `cdr`.

## Problem 1138 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

An sorted array of integers was rotated an unknown number of times.

Given such an array, find the index of the element in the array in faster than linear time. If the element doesn't exist in the array, return null.

For example, given the array [13, 18, 25, 2, 8, 10] and the element 8, return 4 (the index of 8 in the array).

You can assume all the integers in the array are unique.

## Problem 1139 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Twitter.

Given a binary tree, find the lowest common ancestor (LCA) of two given nodes in the tree. Assume that each node in the tree also has a pointer to its parent.

According to the definition of [LCA on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lowest_common_ancestor): “The lowest common ancestor is defined between two nodes v and w as the lowest node in T that has both v and w as descendants (where we allow a node to be a descendant of itself).”

## Problem 1140 [Hard]

This problem was asked by LinkedIn.

Given a set of characters `C` and an integer `k`, a De Bruijn sequence is a cyclic sequence in which every possible `k`-length string of characters in `C` occurs exactly once.

For example, suppose `C = {0, 1}` and `k = 3`. Then our sequence should contain the substrings `{'000', '001', '010', '011', '100', '101', '110', '111'}`, and one possible solution would be `00010111`.

Create an algorithm that finds a De Bruijn sequence.

## Problem 1141 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Walmart Labs.

There are `M` people sitting in a row of `N` seats, where `M < N`. Your task is to redistribute people such that there are no gaps between any of them, while keeping overall movement to a minimum.

For example, suppose you are faced with an input of `[0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1]`, where `0` represents an empty seat and `1` represents a person. In this case, one solution would be to place the person on the right in the fourth seat. We can consider the cost of a solution to be the sum of the absolute distance each person must move, so that the cost here would be five.

Given an input such as the one above, return the lowest possible cost of moving people to remove all gaps.

## Problem 1142 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Zillow.

Let's define a "sevenish" number to be one which is either a power of `7`, or the sum of unique powers of `7`. The first few sevenish numbers are `1`, `7`, `8`, `49`, and so on. Create an algorithm to find the `n`th sevenish number.

## Problem 1143 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given k sorted singly linked lists, write a function to merge all the lists into one sorted singly linked list.

## Problem 1144 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Jane Street.

Given integers `M` and `N`, write a program that counts how many positive integer pairs `(a, b)` satisfy the following conditions:

- `a + b = M`
- `a XOR b = N`

## Problem 1145 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Triplebyte.

Implement a data structure which carries out the following operations without resizing the underlying array:

- `add(value)`: Add a value to the set of values.
- `check(value)`: Check whether a value is in the set.

The `check` method may return occasional false positives (in other words, incorrectly identifying an element as part of the set), but should always correctly identify a true element.

## Problem 1146 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

You are given an string representing the initial conditions of some dominoes. Each element can take one of three values:

- `L`, meaning the domino has just been pushed to the left,
- `R`, meaning the domino has just been pushed to the right, or
- `.`, meaning the domino is standing still.

Determine the orientation of each tile when the dominoes stop falling. Note that if a domino receives a force from the left and right side simultaneously, it will remain upright.

For example, given the string `.L.R....L`, you should return `LL.RRRLLL`.

Given the string `..R...L.L`, you should return `..RR.LLLL`.

## Problem 1147 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Implement locking in a binary tree. A binary tree node can be locked or unlocked only if all of its descendants or ancestors are not locked.

Design a binary tree node class with the following methods:

- `is_locked`, which returns whether the node is locked
- `lock`, which attempts to lock the node. If it cannot be locked, then it should return false. Otherwise, it should lock it and return true.
- `unlock`, which unlocks the node. If it cannot be unlocked, then it should return false. Otherwise, it should unlock it and return true.

You may augment the node to add parent pointers or any other property you would like. You may assume the class is used in a single-threaded program, so there is no need for actual locks or mutexes. Each method should run in O(h), where h is the height of the tree.

## Problem 1148 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Airbnb.

Given a linked list and a positive integer `k`, rotate the list to the right by `k` places.

For example, given the linked list `7 -> 7 -> 3 -> 5` and `k = 2`, it should become `3 -> 5 -> 7 -> 7`.

Given the linked list `1 -> 2 -> 3 -> 4 -> 5` and `k = 3`, it should become `3 -> 4 -> 5 -> 1 -> 2`.

## Problem 1149 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given a matrix of 1s and 0s, return the number of "islands" in the matrix. A 1 represents land and 0 represents water, so an island is a group of 1s that are neighboring whose perimeter is surrounded by water.

For example, this matrix has 4 islands.

```
1 0 0 0 0
0 0 1 1 0
0 1 1 0 0
0 0 0 0 0
1 1 0 0 1
1 1 0 0 1
```

## Problem 1150 [Hard]

This problem was asked by VMware.

The skyline of a city is composed of several buildings of various widths and heights, possibly overlapping one another when viewed from a distance. We can represent the buildings using an array of `(left, right, height)` tuples, which tell us where on an imaginary x-axis a building begins and ends, and how tall it is. The skyline itself can be described by a list of `(x, height)` tuples, giving the locations at which the height visible to a distant observer changes, and each new height.

Given an array of buildings as described above, create a function that returns the skyline.

For example, suppose the input consists of the buildings `[(0, 15, 3), (4, 11, 5), (19, 23, 4)]`. In aggregate, these buildings would create a skyline that looks like the one below.

```
     ______  
    |      |        ___
 ___|      |___    |   | 
|   |   B  |   |   | C |
| A |      | A |   |   |
|   |      |   |   |   |
------------------------
```

As a result, your function should return `[(0, 3), (4, 5), (11, 3), (15, 0), (19, 4), (23, 0)]`.

## Problem 1151 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

Determine whether a doubly linked list is a palindrome. What if it’s singly linked?

For example, `1 -> 4 -> 3 -> 4 -> 1` returns `True` while `1 -> 4` returns `False`.## Problem 1152 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Quora.

Given an absolute pathname that may have `.` or `..` as part of it, return the shortest standardized path.

For example, given "/usr/bin/../bin/./scripts/../", return "/usr/bin/".

## Problem 1153 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

You are in an infinite 2D grid where you can move in any of the 8 directions:

```
 (x,y) to
    (x+1, y),
    (x - 1, y),
    (x, y+1),
    (x, y-1),
    (x-1, y-1),
    (x+1,y+1),
    (x-1,y+1),
    (x+1,y-1)
```

You are given a sequence of points and the order in which you need to cover the points. Give the minimum number of steps in which you can achieve it. You start from the first point.

Example:

```
Input: [(0, 0), (1, 1), (1, 2)]
Output: 2
```

It takes 1 step to move from `(0, 0)` to `(1, 1)`. It takes one more step to move from `(1, 1)` to `(1, 2)`.

## Problem 1154 [Easy]

This question was asked by Apple.

Given a binary tree, find a minimum path sum from root to a leaf.

For example, the minimum path in this tree is [10, 5, 1, -1], which has sum 15.

```
  10
 /  \
5    5
 \     \
   2    1
       /
     -1
```

## Problem 1155 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given an array of integers and a number k, where 1 <= k <= length of the array, compute the maximum values of each subarray of length k.

For example, given array = [10, 5, 2, 7, 8, 7] and k = 3, we should get: [10, 7, 8, 8], since:

- 10 = max(10, 5, 2)
- 7 = max(5, 2, 7)
- 8 = max(2, 7, 8)
- 8 = max(7, 8, 7)

Do this in O(n) time and O(k) space. You can modify the input array in-place and you do not need to store the results. You can simply print them out as you compute them.

## Problem 1156 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Print the nodes in a binary tree level-wise. For example, the following should print 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.

```
  1
 / \
2   3
   / \
  4   5
```

## Problem 1157 [Easy]

This is same as 241.

## Problem 1158 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given a linked list, sort it in O(n log n) time and constant space.

For example, the linked list `4 -> 1 -> -3 -> 99` should become `-3 -> 1 -> 4 -> 99`.

## Problem 1159 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Alibaba.

Given an even number (greater than 2), return two prime numbers whose sum will be equal to the given number.

A solution will always exist. See [Goldbach’s conjecture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goldbach's_conjecture).

Example:

```
Input: 4
Output: 2 + 2 = 4
```

If there are more than one solution possible, return the lexicographically smaller solution.

If [a, b] is one solution with a <= b, and [c, d] is another solution with c <= d, then

```
[a, b] < [c, d]
```

If a < c OR a==c AND b < d.

## Problem 1160 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Slack.

You are given a string formed by concatenating several words corresponding to the integers zero through nine and then anagramming.

For example, the input could be 'niesevehrtfeev', which is an anagram of 'threefiveseven'. Note that there can be multiple instances of each integer.

Given this string, return the original integers in sorted order. In the example above, this would be `357`.

## Problem 1161 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Airbnb.

An 8-puzzle is a game played on a 3 x 3 board of tiles, with the ninth tile missing. The remaining tiles are labeled 1 through 8 but shuffled randomly. Tiles may slide horizontally or vertically into an empty space, but may not be removed from the board.

Design a class to represent the board, and find a series of steps to bring the board to the state [[1, 2, 3], [4, 5, 6], [7, 8, None]].

## Problem 1162 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Adobe.

You are given a tree with an even number of nodes. Consider each connection between a parent and child node to be an "edge". You would like to remove some of these edges, such that the disconnected subtrees that remain each have an even number of nodes.

For example, suppose your input was the following tree:

```
   1
  / \ 
 2   3
    / \ 
   4   5
 / | \
6  7  8
```

In this case, removing the edge (3, 4) satisfies our requirement.

Write a function that returns the *maximum* number of edges you can remove while still satisfying this requirement.

## Problem 1163 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Stripe.

Given a collection of intervals, find the minimum number of intervals you need to remove to make the rest of the intervals non-overlapping.

Intervals can "touch", such as `[0, 1]` and `[1, 2]`, but they won't be considered overlapping.

For example, given the intervals `(7, 9), (2, 4), (5, 8)`, return 1 as the last interval can be removed and the first two won't overlap.

The intervals are not necessarily sorted in any order.

## Problem 1164 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

You have `n` fair coins and you flip them all at the same time. Any that come up tails you set aside. The ones that come up heads you flip again. How many rounds do you expect to play before only one coin remains?

Write a function that, given `n`, returns the number of rounds you'd expect to play until one coin remains.

## Problem 1165 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Two Sigma.

A knight is placed on a given square on an `8 x 8` chessboard. It is then moved randomly several times, where each move is a standard [knight move](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knight_(chess)#Movement). If the knight jumps off the board at any point, however, it is not allowed to jump back on.

After `k` moves, what is the probability that the knight remains on the board?

## Problem 1166 [Medium]

Given a 2-D matrix representing an image, a location of a pixel in the screen and a color `C`, replace the color of the given pixel and all adjacent same colored pixels with `C`.

For example, given the following matrix, and location pixel of (2, 2), and 'G' for green:

```
B B W
W W W
W W W
B B B
```

Becomes

```
B B G
G G G
G G G
B B B
```

## Problem 1167 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Implement integer exponentiation. That is, implement the `pow(x, y)` function, where `x` and `y` are integers and returns `x^y`.

Do this faster than the naive method of repeated multiplication.

For example, `pow(2, 10)` should return 1024.

## Problem 1168 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Twitter.

The `24` game is played as follows. You are given a list of four integers, each between `1` and `9`, in a fixed order. By placing the operators `+`, `-`, `*`, and `/` between the numbers, and grouping them with parentheses, determine whether it is possible to reach the value `24`.

For example, given the input `[5, 2, 7, 8]`, you should return `True`, since `(5 * 2 - 7) * 8 = 24`.

Write a function that plays the `24` game.

## Problem 1169 [Hard]

This problem was asked by LinkedIn.

Given a list of points, a central point, and an integer `k`, find the nearest `k` points from the central point.

For example, given the list of points `[(0, 0), (5, 4), (3, 1)]`, the central point `(1, 2)`, and `k` = 2, return `[(0, 0), (3, 1)]`.

## Problem 1170 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Google.

Design a system to crawl and copy all of Wikipedia using a distributed network of machines.

More specifically, suppose your server has access to a set of client machines. Your client machines can execute code you have written to access Wikipedia pages, download and parse their data, and write the results to a database.

Some questions you may want to consider as part of your solution are:

- How will you reach as many pages as possible?
- How can you keep track of pages that have already been visited?
- How will you deal with your client machines being blacklisted?
- How can you update your database when Wikipedia pages are added or updated?

## Problem 1171 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Palantir.

A typical American-style crossword puzzle grid is an `N x N` matrix with black and white squares, which obeys the following rules:

- Every white square must be part of an "across" word and a "down" word.
- No word can be fewer than three letters long.
- Every white square must be reachable from every other white square.
- The grid is rotationally symmetric (for example, the colors of the top left and bottom right squares must match).

Write a program to determine whether a given matrix qualifies as a crossword grid.

## Problem 1172 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given pre-order and in-order traversals of a binary tree, write a function to reconstruct the tree.

For example, given the following preorder traversal:

[a, b, d, e, c, f, g]

And the following inorder traversal:

[d, b, e, a, f, c, g]

You should return the following tree:

```
    a
   / \
  b   c
 / \ / \
d  e f  g
```

## Problem 1173 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Netflix.

A Cartesian tree with sequence `S` is a binary tree defined by the following two properties:

- It is heap-ordered, so that each parent value is strictly less than that of its children.
- An in-order traversal of the tree produces nodes with values that correspond exactly to `S`.

For example, given the sequence `[3, 2, 6, 1, 9]`, the resulting Cartesian tree would be:

```
      1
    /   \   
  2       9
 / \
3   6
```

Given a sequence `S`, construct the corresponding Cartesian tree.

## Problem 1174 [Hard]

This problem was asked by LinkedIn.

Given a string, return whether it represents a number. Here are the different kinds of numbers:

- "10", a positive integer
- "-10", a negative integer
- "10.1", a positive real number
- "-10.1", a negative real number
- "1e5", a number in scientific notation

And here are examples of non-numbers:

- "a"
- "x 1"
- "a -2"
- "-"

## Problem 1175 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a circular array, compute its maximum subarray sum in O(n) time. A subarray can be empty, and in this case the sum is 0.

For example, given `[8, -1, 3, 4]`, return `15` as we choose the numbers `3`, `4`, and `8` where the `8` is obtained from wrapping around.

Given `[-4, 5, 1, 0]`, return `6` as we choose the numbers `5` and `1`.

## Problem 1176 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Coursera.

Given a 2D board of characters and a word, find if the word exists in the grid.

The word can be constructed from letters of sequentially adjacent cell, where "adjacent" cells are those horizontally or vertically neighboring. The same letter cell may not be used more than once.

For example, given the following board:

```
[
  ['A','B','C','E'],
  ['S','F','C','S'],
  ['A','D','E','E']
]
```

`exists(board, "ABCCED")` returns `true`, `exists(board, "SEE")` returns `true`, `exists(board, "ABCB")` returns `false`.

## Problem 1177 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given an array of integers where every integer occurs three times except for one integer, which only occurs once, find and return the non-duplicated integer.

For example, given [6, 1, 3, 3, 3, 6, 6], return 1. Given [13, 19, 13, 13], return 19.

Do this in O(N) time and O(1) space.

## Problem 1178 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Apple.

A Collatz sequence in mathematics can be defined as follows. Starting with any positive integer:

- if n is even, the next number in the sequence is n / 2
- if n is odd, the next number in the sequence is 3n + 1

It is conjectured that every such sequence eventually reaches the number `1`. Test this conjecture.

Bonus: What input `n <= 1000000` gives the longest sequence?

## Problem 1179 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a function `f`, and `N` return a debounced `f` of `N` milliseconds.

That is, as long as the debounced `f` continues to be invoked, `f` itself will not be called for `N` milliseconds.

## Problem 1180 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given the head of a singly linked list, swap every two nodes and return its head.

For example, given `1 -> 2 -> 3 -> 4`, return `2 -> 1 -> 4 -> 3`.

## Problem 1181 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Uber.

Suppose an array sorted in ascending order is rotated at some pivot unknown to you beforehand. Find the minimum element in O(log N) time. You may assume the array does not contain duplicates.

For example, given [5, 7, 10, 3, 4], return 3.

## Problem 1182 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Etsy.

Given an array of numbers `N` and an integer `k`, your task is to split `N` into `k` partitions such that the maximum sum of any partition is minimized. Return this sum.

For example, given `N = [5, 1, 2, 7, 3, 4]` and `k = 3`, you should return `8`, since the optimal partition is `[5, 1, 2], [7], [3, 4]`.

## Problem 1183 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Twitter.

A strobogrammatic number is a positive number that appears the same after being rotated 180 degrees. For example, `16891` is strobogrammatic.

Create a program that finds all strobogrammatic numbers with `N` digits.

## Problem 1184 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Spotify.

You have access to ranked lists of songs for various users. Each song is represented as an integer, and more preferred songs appear earlier in each list. For example, the list `[4, 1, 7]` indicates that a user likes song `4` the best, followed by songs `1` and `7`.

Given a set of these ranked lists, interleave them to create a playlist that satisfies everyone's priorities.

For example, suppose your input is `{[1, 7, 3], [2, 1, 6, 7, 9], [3, 9, 5]}`. In this case a satisfactory playlist could be `[2, 1, 6, 7, 3, 9, 5]`.

## Problem 1185 [Hard]

Find an efficient algorithm to find the smallest distance (measured in number of words) between any two given words in a string.

For example, given words "hello", and "world" and a text content of "dog cat hello cat dog dog hello cat world", return 1 because there's only one word "cat" in between the two words.

## Problem 1186 [Easy]

This is same as 194.

## Problem 1187 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

You are given a starting state `start`, a list of transition probabilities for a Markov chain, and a number of steps `num_steps`. Run the Markov chain starting from `start` for `num_steps` and compute the number of times we visited each state.

For example, given the starting state `a`, number of steps 5000, and the following transition probabilities:

```
[
  ('a', 'a', 0.9),
  ('a', 'b', 0.075),
  ('a', 'c', 0.025),
  ('b', 'a', 0.15),
  ('b', 'b', 0.8),
  ('b', 'c', 0.05),
  ('c', 'a', 0.25),
  ('c', 'b', 0.25),
  ('c', 'c', 0.5)
]
```

One instance of running this Markov chain might produce `{ 'a': 3012, 'b': 1656, 'c': 332 }`.

## Problem 1188 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

We can determine how "out of order" an array A is by counting the number of inversions it has. Two elements `A[i]` and `A[j]` form an inversion if `A[i] > A[j]` but `i < j`. That is, a smaller element appears after a larger element.

Given an array, count the number of inversions it has. Do this faster than O(N^2) time.

You may assume each element in the array is distinct.

For example, a sorted list has zero inversions. The array [2, 4, 1, 3, 5] has three inversions: (2, 1), (4, 1), and (4, 3). The array [5, 4, 3, 2, 1] has ten inversions: every distinct pair forms an inversion.

## Problem 1189 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Given an array of numbers and a number `k`, determine if there are three entries in the array which add up to the specified number `k`. For example, given `[20, 303, 3, 4, 25]` and `k = 49`, return `true` as `20 + 4 + 25 = 49`.

## Problem 1190 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Twitter.

A network consists of nodes labeled `0` to `N`. You are given a list of edges `(a, b, t)`, describing the time `t` it takes for a message to be sent from node `a` to node `b`. Whenever a node receives a message, it immediately passes the message on to a neighboring node, if possible.

Assuming all nodes are connected, determine how long it will take for every node to receive a message that begins at node `0`.

For example, given `N = 5`, and the following edges:

```
edges = [
    (0, 1, 5),
    (0, 2, 3),
    (0, 5, 4),
    (1, 3, 8),
    (2, 3, 1),
    (3, 5, 10),
    (3, 4, 5)
]
```

You should return `9`, because propagating the message from `0 -> 2 -> 3 -> 4` will take that much time.

## Problem 1191 [Medium]

Same as [323](#problem-323-medium).

## Problem 1192 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Pivotal.

A step word is formed by taking a given word, adding a letter, and anagramming the result. For example, starting with the word "APPLE", you can add an "A" and anagram to get "APPEAL".

Given a dictionary of words and an input word, create a function that returns all valid step words.

## Problem 1193 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Two Sigma.

Ghost is a two-person word game where players alternate appending letters to a word. The first person who spells out a word, or creates a prefix for which there is no possible continuation, loses. Here is a sample game:

- Player 1: `g`
- Player 2: `h`
- Player 1: `o`
- Player 2: `s`
- Player 1: `t` [loses]

Given a dictionary of words, determine the letters the first player should start with, such that with optimal play they cannot lose.

For example, if the dictionary is `["cat", "calf", "dog", "bear"]`, the only winning start letter would be `b`.

## Problem 1194 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Dropbox.

A Boolean formula can be said to be satisfiable if there is a way to assign truth values to each variable such that the entire formula evaluates to true.

For example, suppose we have the following formula, where the symbol `¬` is used to denote negation:

```
(¬c OR b) AND (b OR c) AND (¬b OR c) AND (¬c OR ¬a)
```

One way to satisfy this formula would be to let `a = False`, `b = True`, and `c = True`.

This type of formula, with `AND` statements joining tuples containing exactly one `OR`, is known as `2-CNF`.

Given a `2-CNF` formula, find a way to assign truth values to satisfy it, or return `False` if this is impossible.

## Problem 1195 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given a string, find the length of the smallest window that contains every distinct character. Characters may appear more than once in the window.

For example, given "jiujitsu", you should return `5`, corresponding to the final five letters.

## Problem 1196 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Dropbox.

Create a data structure that performs all the following operations in `O(1)` time:

- `plus`: Add a key with value `1`. If the key already exists, increment its value by one.
- `minus`: Decrement the value of a key. If the key's value is currently `1`, remove it.
- `get_max`: Return a key with the highest value.
- `get_min`: Return a key with the lowest value.

## Problem 1197 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Implement a stack that has the following methods:

- push(val), which pushes an element onto the stack
- pop(), which pops off and returns the topmost element of the stack. If there are no elements in the stack, then it should throw an error or return null.
- max(), which returns the maximum value in the stack currently. If there are no elements in the stack, then it should throw an error or return null.

Each method should run in constant time.

## Problem 1198 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Snapchat.

You are given an array of length `N`, where each element `i` represents the number of ways we can produce `i` units of change. For example, `[1, 0, 1, 1, 2]` would indicate that there is only one way to make `0`, `2`, or `3` units, and two ways of making `4` units.

Given such an array, determine the denominations that must be in use. In the case above, for example, there must be coins with value `2`, `3`, and `4`.

## Problem 1199 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Apple.

Implement a job scheduler which takes in a function `f` and an integer `n`, and calls `f` after `n` milliseconds.

## Problem 1200 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a 32-bit integer, return the number with its bits reversed.

For example, given the binary number `1111 0000 1111 0000 1111 0000 1111 0000`, return `0000 1111 0000 1111 0000 1111 0000 1111`.
