## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1001 [Medium]

This problem was asked by LinkedIn.

Determine whether a tree is a valid binary search tree.

A binary search tree is a tree with two children, `left` and `right`, and satisfies the constraint that the key in the `left` child must be less than or equal to the root and the key in the `right` child must be greater than or equal to the root.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1002 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given a sorted array, find the smallest positive integer that is not the sum of a subset of the array.

For example, for the input `[1, 2, 3, 10]`, you should return `7`.

Do this in `O(N)` time.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1003 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

The transitive closure of a graph is a measure of which vertices are reachable from other vertices. It can be represented as a matrix `M`, where `M[i][j] == 1` if there is a path between vertices `i` and `j`, and otherwise `0`.

For example, suppose we are given the following graph in adjacency list form:

```
graph = [
    [0, 1, 3],
    [1, 2],
    [2],
    [3]
]
```

The transitive closure of this graph would be:

```
[1, 1, 1, 1]
[0, 1, 1, 0]
[0, 0, 1, 0]
[0, 0, 0, 1]
```

Given a graph, find its transitive closure.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1004 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Goldman Sachs.

Given a list of numbers `L`, implement a method `sum(i, j)` which returns the sum from the sublist `L[i:j]` (including `i`, excluding `j`).

For example, given `L = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]`, `sum(1, 3)` should return `sum([2, 3])`, which is `5`.

You can assume that you can do some pre-processing. `sum()` should be optimized over the pre-processing step.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1005 [Hard]

This problem was asked by MIT.

[Blackjack](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blackjack) is a two player card game whose rules are as follows:

- The player and then the dealer are each given two cards.
- The player can then "hit", or ask for arbitrarily many additional cards, so long as their total does not exceed `21`.
- The dealer must then hit if their total is `16` or lower, otherwise pass.
- Finally, the two compare totals, and the one with the greatest sum not exceeding `21` is the winner.

For this problem, cards values are counted as follows: each card between `2` and `10` counts as their face value, face cards count as `10`, and aces count as `1`.

Given perfect knowledge of the sequence of cards in the deck, implement a blackjack solver that maximizes the player's score (that is, wins minus losses).

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1006 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Suppose you are given two lists of `n` points, one list p1, p2, ..., pn on the line y = 0 and the other list q1, q2, ..., qn on the line y = 1. Imagine a set of `n` line segments connecting each point pi to qi. Write an algorithm to determine how many pairs of the line segments intersect.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1007 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Oracle.

You are presented with an `8` by `8` matrix representing the positions of pieces on a chess board. The only pieces on the board are the black king and various white pieces. Given this matrix, determine whether the king is in check.

For details on how each piece moves, see [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chess_piece#Moves_of_the_pieces).

For example, given the following matrix:

```
...K....
........
.B......
......P.
.......R
..N.....
........
.....Q..
```

You should return `True`, since the bishop is attacking the king diagonally.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1008 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Salesforce.

Given an array of integers, find the maximum XOR of any two elements.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1009 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Coursera.

Given a 2D board of characters and a word, find if the word exists in the grid.

The word can be constructed from letters of sequentially adjacent cell, where "adjacent" cells are those horizontally or vertically neighboring. The same letter cell may not be used more than once.

For example, given the following board:

```
[
  ['A','B','C','E'],
  ['S','F','C','S'],
  ['A','D','E','E']
]
```

`exists(board, "ABCCED")` returns `true`, `exists(board, "SEE")` returns `true`, `exists(board, "ABCB")` returns `false`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1010 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Jane Street.

The United States uses the imperial system of weights and measures, which means that there are many different, seemingly arbitrary units to measure distance. There are 12 inches in a foot, 3 feet in a yard, 22 yards in a chain, [and so on](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperial_units#Length).

Create a data structure that can efficiently convert a certain quantity of one unit to the correct amount of any other unit. You should also allow for additional units to be added to the system.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1011 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Nvidia.

Find the maximum of two numbers without using any if-else statements, branching, or direct comparisons.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1012 [Medium]

Given a real number `n`, find the square root of n. For example, given `n = 9`, return `3`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1013 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Yahoo.

Write a function that returns the bitwise AND of all integers between `M` and `N`, inclusive.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1014 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a `start` word, an `end` word, and a dictionary of valid words, find the shortest transformation sequence from `start` to `end` such that only one letter is changed at each step of the sequence, and each transformed word exists in the dictionary. If there is no possible transformation, return null. Each word in the dictionary have the same length as `start` and `end` and is lowercase.

For example, given `start = "dog"`, `end = "cat"`, and `dictionary = {"dot", "dop", "dat", "cat"}`, return `["dog", "dot", "dat", "cat"]`.

Given `start = "dog"`, `end = "cat"`, and `dictionary = {"dot", "tod", "dat", "dar"}`, return null as there is no possible transformation from `dog` to `cat`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1015 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Google.

In a directed graph, each node is assigned an uppercase letter. We define a path's value as the number of most frequently-occurring letter along that path. For example, if a path in the graph goes through "ABACA", the value of the path is 3, since there are 3 occurrences of 'A' on the path.

Given a graph with `n` nodes and `m` directed edges, return the largest value path of the graph. If the largest value is infinite, then return null.

The graph is represented with a string and an edge list. The `i`-th character represents the uppercase letter of the `i`-th node. Each tuple in the edge list `(i, j)` means there is a directed edge from the `i`-th node to the `j`-th node. Self-edges are possible, as well as multi-edges.

For example, the following input graph:

```
ABACA
[(0, 1),
 (0, 2),
 (2, 3),
 (3, 4)]
```

Would have maximum value 3 using the path of vertices `[0, 2, 3, 4]`, `(A, A, C, A)`.

The following input graph:

```
A
[(0, 0)]
```

Should return null, since we have an infinite loop.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1016 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Huffman coding is a method of encoding characters based on their frequency. Each letter is assigned a variable-length binary string, such as `0101` or `111110`, where shorter lengths correspond to more common letters. To accomplish this, a binary tree is built such that the path from the root to any leaf uniquely maps to a character. When traversing the path, descending to a left child corresponds to a `0` in the prefix, while descending right corresponds to `1`.

Here is an example tree (note that only the leaf nodes have letters):

```
        *
      /   \
    *       *
   / \     / \
  *   a   t   *
 /             \
c               s
```

With this encoding, `cats` would be represented as `0000110111`.

Given a dictionary of character frequencies, build a Huffman tree, and use it to determine a mapping between characters and their encoded binary strings.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1017 [Hard]

Given a list, sort it using this method: `reverse(lst, i, j)`, which reverses `lst` from `i` to `j`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1018 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Given a clock time in `hh:mm` format, determine, to the nearest degree, the angle between the hour and the minute hands.

Bonus: When, during the course of a day, will the angle be zero?

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1019 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given two rectangles on a 2D graph, return the area of their intersection. If the rectangles don't intersect, return 0.

For example, given the following rectangles:

```
{
    "top_left": (1, 4),
    "dimensions": (3, 3) # width, height
}
```

and

```
{
    "top_left": (0, 5),
    "dimensions": (4, 3) # width, height
}
```

return 6.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1020 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given the root of a binary search tree, and a target `K`, return two nodes in the tree whose sum equals `K`.

For example, given the following tree and `K` of 20

```
    10
   /   \
 5      15
       /  \
     11    15
```

Return the nodes `5` and `15`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1021 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Cisco.

Given an unsigned 8-bit integer, swap its even and odd bits. The 1st and 2nd bit should be swapped, the 3rd and 4th bit should be swapped, and so on.

For example, `10101010` should be `01010101`. `11100010` should be `11010001`.

Bonus: Can you do this in one line?

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1022 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given an array of integers where every integer occurs three times except for one integer, which only occurs once, find and return the non-duplicated integer.

For example, given [6, 1, 3, 3, 3, 6, 6], return 1. Given [13, 19, 13, 13], return 19.

Do this in O(N) time and O(1) space.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1023 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Airbnb.

You come across a dictionary of sorted words in a language you've never seen before. Write a program that returns the correct order of letters in this language.

For example, given `['xww', 'wxyz', 'wxyw', 'ywx', 'ywz']`, you should return `['x', 'z', 'w', 'y']`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1024 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a 32-bit integer, return the number with its bits reversed.

For example, given the binary number `1111 0000 1111 0000 1111 0000 1111 0000`, return `0000 1111 0000 1111 0000 1111 0000 1111`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1025 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given a linked list, remove all consecutive nodes that sum to zero. Print out the remaining nodes.

For example, suppose you are given the input `3 -> 4 -> -7 -> 5 -> -6 -> 6`. In this case, you should first remove `3 -> 4 -> -7`, then `-6 -> 6`, leaving only `5`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1026 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Palantir.

Write an algorithm to justify text. Given a sequence of words and an integer line length k, return a list of strings which represents each line, fully justified.

More specifically, you should have as many words as possible in each line. There should be at least one space between each word. Pad extra spaces when necessary so that each line has exactly length k. Spaces should be distributed as equally as possible, with the extra spaces, if any, distributed starting from the left.

If you can only fit one word on a line, then you should pad the right-hand side with spaces.

Each word is guaranteed not to be longer than k.

For example, given the list of words ["the", "quick", "brown", "fox", "jumps", "over", "the", "lazy", "dog"] and k = 16, you should return the following:

```
["the  quick brown", # 1 extra space on the left
"fox  jumps  over", # 2 extra spaces distributed evenly
"the   lazy   dog"] # 4 extra spaces distributed evenly
```

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1027 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Given an unsorted array of integers, find the length of the longest consecutive elements sequence.

For example, given `[100, 4, 200, 1, 3, 2]`, the longest consecutive element sequence is `[1, 2, 3, 4]`. Return its length: `4`.

Your algorithm should run in `O(n)` complexity.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1028 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Salesforce.

The number 6174 is known as Kaprekar's contant, after the mathematician who discovered an associated property: for all four-digit numbers with at least two distinct digits, repeatedly applying a simple procedure eventually results in this value. The procedure is as follows:

- For a given input `x`, create two new numbers that consist of the digits in `x` in ascending and descending order.
- Subtract the smaller number from the larger number.

For example, this algorithm terminates in three steps when starting from `1234`:

- `4321 - 1234 = 3087`
- `8730 - 0378 = 8352`
- `8532 - 2358 = 6174`

Write a function that returns how many steps this will take for a given input `N`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1029 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Google.

Find the minimum number of coins required to make `n` cents.

You can use standard American denominations, that is, 1¢, 5¢, 10¢, and 25¢.

For example, given `n = 16`, return `3` since we can make it with a 10¢, a 5¢, and a 1¢.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1030 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

On a mysterious island there are creatures known as Quxes which come in three colors: red, green, and blue. One power of the Qux is that if two of them are standing next to each other, they can transform into a single creature of the third color.

Given `N` Quxes standing in a line, determine the smallest number of them remaining after any possible sequence of such transformations.

For example, given the input `['R', 'G', 'B', 'G', 'B']`, it is possible to end up with a single Qux through the following steps:

```
        Arrangement       |   Change
----------------------------------------
['R', 'G', 'B', 'G', 'B'] | (R, G) -> B
['B', 'B', 'G', 'B']      | (B, G) -> R
['B', 'R', 'B']           | (R, B) -> G
['B', 'G']                | (B, G) -> R
['R']                     |
```

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1031 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Flipkart.

[Snakes and Ladders](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snakes_and_Ladders) is a game played on a `10 x 10` board, the goal of which is get from square `1` to square `100`. On each turn players will roll a six-sided die and move forward a number of spaces equal to the result. If they land on a square that represents a snake or ladder, they will be transported ahead or behind, respectively, to a new square.

Find the smallest number of turns it takes to play snakes and ladders.

For convenience, here are the squares representing snakes and ladders, and their outcomes:

```
snakes = {16: 6, 48: 26, 49: 11, 56: 53, 62: 19, 64: 60, 87: 24, 93: 73, 95: 75, 98: 78}
ladders = {1: 38, 4: 14, 9: 31, 21: 42, 28: 84, 36: 44, 51: 67, 71: 91, 80: 100}
```

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1032 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

In linear algebra, a Toeplitz matrix is one in which the elements on any given diagonal from top left to bottom right are identical.

Here is an example:

```
1 2 3 4 8
5 1 2 3 4
4 5 1 2 3
7 4 5 1 2
```

Write a program to determine whether a given input is a Toeplitz matrix.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1033 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Given an array of positive integers, divide the array into two subsets such that the difference between the sum of the subsets is as small as possible.

For example, given `[5, 10, 15, 20, 25]`, return the sets `{10, 25}` and `{5, 15, 20}`, which has a difference of 5, which is the smallest possible difference.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1034 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

You have `n` fair coins and you flip them all at the same time. Any that come up tails you set aside. The ones that come up heads you flip again. How many rounds do you expect to play before only one coin remains?

Write a function that, given `n`, returns the number of rounds you'd expect to play until one coin remains.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1035 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Atlassian.

MegaCorp wants to give bonuses to its employees based on how many lines of codes they have written. They would like to give the smallest positive amount to each worker consistent with the constraint that if a developer has written more lines of code than their neighbor, they should receive more money.

Given an array representing a line of seats of employees at MegaCorp, determine how much each one should get paid.

For example, given `[10, 40, 200, 1000, 60, 30]`, you should return `[1, 2, 3, 4, 2, 1]`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1036 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given the sequence of keys visited by a postorder traversal of a binary search tree, reconstruct the tree.

For example, given the sequence `2, 4, 3, 8, 7, 5`, you should construct the following tree:

```
    5
   / \
  3   7
 / \   \
2   4   8
```

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1037 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Etsy.

Given a sorted array, convert it into a height-balanced binary search tree.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1038 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given a string of words delimited by spaces, reverse the words in string. For example, given "hello world here", return "here world hello"

Follow-up: given a mutable string representation, can you perform this operation in-place?

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1039 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Twitter.

You are given an array of length `24`, where each element represents the number of new subscribers during the corresponding hour. Implement a data structure that efficiently supports the following:

- `update(hour: int, value: int)`: Increment the element at index `hour` by `value`.
- `query(start: int, end: int)`: Retrieve the number of subscribers that have signed up between `start` and `end` (inclusive).

You can assume that all values get cleared at the end of the day, and that you will not be asked for `start` and `end` values that wrap around midnight.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1040 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Dropbox.

Implement an efficient string matching algorithm.

That is, given a string of length `N` and a pattern of length `k`, write a program that searches for the pattern in the string with less than `O(N * k)` worst-case time complexity.

If the pattern is found, return the start index of its location. If not, return `False`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1041 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

You are given an array of non-negative integers that represents a two-dimensional elevation map where each element is unit-width wall and the integer is the height. Suppose it will rain and all spots between two walls get filled up.

Compute how many units of water remain trapped on the map in O(N) time and O(1) space.

For example, given the input [2, 1, 2], we can hold 1 unit of water in the middle.

Given the input [3, 0, 1, 3, 0, 5], we can hold 3 units in the first index, 2 in the second, and 3 in the fourth index (we cannot hold 5 since it would run off to the left), so we can trap 8 units of water.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1042 [Hard]

This problem was asked by YouTube.

Write a program that computes the length of the longest common subsequence of three given strings. For example, given "epidemiologist", "refrigeration", and "supercalifragilisticexpialodocious", it should return `5`, since the longest common subsequence is "eieio".

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1043 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given an `iterator` with methods `next()` and `hasNext()`, create a wrapper iterator, `PeekableInterface`, which also implements `peek()`. `peek` shows the next element that would be returned on `next()`.

Here is the interface:

```
class PeekableInterface(object):
    def __init__(self, iterator):
        pass

    def peek(self):
        pass

    def next(self):
        pass

    def hasNext(self):
        pass
```

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1044 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a string and a set of delimiters, reverse the words in the string while maintaining the relative order of the delimiters. For example, given "hello/world:here", return "here/world:hello"

Follow-up: Does your solution work for the following cases: "hello/world:here/", "hello//world:here"

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1045 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Describe and give an example of each of the following types of polymorphism:

- Ad-hoc polymorphism
- Parametric polymorphism
- Subtype polymorphism

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1046 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Quora.

Given a string, find the palindrome that can be made by inserting the fewest number of characters as possible anywhere in the word. If there is more than one palindrome of minimum length that can be made, return the lexicographically earliest one (the first one alphabetically).

For example, given the string "race", you should return "ecarace", since we can add three letters to it (which is the smallest amount to make a palindrome). There are seven other palindromes that can be made from "race" by adding three letters, but "ecarace" comes first alphabetically.

As another example, given the string "google", you should return "elgoogle".

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1047 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Stripe.

Write a map implementation with a get function that lets you retrieve the value of a key at a particular time.

It should contain the following methods:

- `set(key, value, time)`: sets key to value for t = time.
- `get(key, time)`: gets the key at t = time.

The map should work like this. If we set a key at a particular time, it will maintain that value forever or until it gets set at a later time. In other words, when we get a key at a time, it should return the value that was set for that key set at the most recent time.

Consider the following examples:

```
d.set(1, 1, 0) # set key 1 to value 1 at time 0
d.set(1, 2, 2) # set key 1 to value 2 at time 2
d.get(1, 1) # get key 1 at time 1 should be 1
d.get(1, 3) # get key 1 at time 3 should be 2
d.set(1, 1, 5) # set key 1 to value 1 at time 5
d.get(1, 0) # get key 1 at time 0 should be null
d.get(1, 10) # get key 1 at time 10 should be 1
d.set(1, 1, 0) # set key 1 to value 1 at time 0
d.set(1, 2, 0) # set key 1 to value 2 at time 0
d.get(1, 0) # get key 1 at time 0 should be 2
```

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1048 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Netflix.

A Cartesian tree with sequence `S` is a binary tree defined by the following two properties:

- It is heap-ordered, so that each parent value is strictly less than that of its children.
- An in-order traversal of the tree produces nodes with values that correspond exactly to `S`.

For example, given the sequence `[3, 2, 6, 1, 9]`, the resulting Cartesian tree would be:

```
      1
    /   \   
  2       9
 / \
3   6
```

Given a sequence `S`, construct the corresponding Cartesian tree.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1049 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given an array of a million integers between zero and a billion, out of order, how can you efficiently sort it? Assume that you cannot store an array of a billion elements in memory.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1050 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Twitter.

A permutation can be specified by an array `P`, where `P[i]` represents the location of the element at `i` in the permutation. For example, `[2, 1, 0]` represents the permutation where elements at the index `0` and `2` are swapped.

Given an array and a permutation, apply the permutation to the array. For example, given the array `["a", "b", "c"]` and the permutation `[2, 1, 0]`, return `["c", "b", "a"]`.



## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1051 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

An sorted array of integers was rotated an unknown number of times.

Given such an array, find the index of the element in the array in faster than linear time. If the element doesn't exist in the array, return null.

For example, given the array [13, 18, 25, 2, 8, 10] and the element 8, return 4 (the index of 8 in the array).

You can assume all the integers in the array are unique.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1052 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Twitter.

A teacher must divide a class of students into two teams to play dodgeball. Unfortunately, not all the kids get along, and several refuse to be put on the same team as that of their enemies.

Given an adjacency list of students and their enemies, write an algorithm that finds a satisfactory pair of teams, or returns `False` if none exists.

For example, given the following enemy graph you should return the teams `{0, 1, 4, 5}` and `{2, 3}`.

```
students = {
    0: [3],
    1: [2],
    2: [1, 4],
    3: [0, 4, 5],
    4: [2, 3],
    5: [3]
}
```

On the other hand, given the input below, you should return `False`.

```
students = {
    0: [3],
    1: [2],
    2: [1, 3, 4],
    3: [0, 2, 4, 5],
    4: [2, 3],
    5: [3]
}
```

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1053 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Uber.

A rule looks like this:

```
A NE B
```

This means this means point `A` is located northeast of point `B`.

```
A SW C
```

means that point `A` is southwest of `C`.

Given a list of rules, check if the sum of the rules validate. For example:

```
A N B
B NE C
C N A
```

does not validate, since `A` cannot be both north and south of `C`.

```
A NW B
A N B
```

is considered valid.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1054 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Implement the singleton pattern with a twist. First, instead of storing one instance, store two instances. And in every even call of `getInstance()`, return the first instance and in every odd call of `getInstance()`, return the second instance.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1055 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given a node in a binary search tree, return the next bigger element, also known as the inorder successor.

For example, the inorder successor of 22 is 30.

```
   10
  /  \
 5    30
     /  \
   22    35
```

You can assume each node has a `parent` pointer.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1056 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Epic.

The "look and say" sequence is defined as follows: beginning with the term `1`, each subsequent term visually describes the digits appearing in the previous term. The first few terms are as follows:

```
1
11
21
1211
111221
```

As an example, the fourth term is `1211`, since the third term consists of one `2` and one `1`.

Given an integer `N`, print the `N`th term of this sequence.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1057 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given an integer `N`, construct all possible binary search trees with `N` nodes.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1058 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Dropbox.

Given an undirected graph G, check whether it is bipartite. Recall that a graph is bipartite if its vertices can be divided into two independent sets, U and V, such that no edge connects vertices of the same set.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1059 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Quora.

Word sense disambiguation is the problem of determining which sense a word takes on in a particular setting, if that word has multiple meanings. For example, in the sentence "I went to get money from the *bank*", bank probably means the place where people deposit money, not the land beside a river or lake.

Suppose you are given a list of meanings for several words, formatted like so:

```
{
    "word_1": ["meaning one", "meaning two", ...],
    ...
    "word_n": ["meaning one", "meaning two", ...]
}
```

Given a sentence, most of whose words are contained in the meaning list above, create an algorithm that determines the likely sense of each possibly ambiguous word.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1060 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a function `f`, and `N` return a debounced `f` of `N` milliseconds.

That is, as long as the debounced `f` continues to be invoked, `f` itself will not be called for `N` milliseconds.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1061 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

You are given an M by N matrix consisting of booleans that represents a board. Each True boolean represents a wall. Each False boolean represents a tile you can walk on.

Given this matrix, a start coordinate, and an end coordinate, return the minimum number of steps required to reach the end coordinate from the start. If there is no possible path, then return null. You can move up, left, down, and right. You cannot move through walls. You cannot wrap around the edges of the board.

For example, given the following board:

```
[[f, f, f, f],
[t, t, f, t],
[f, f, f, f],
[f, f, f, f]]
```

and start = `(3, 0)` (bottom left) and end = `(0, 0)` (top left), the minimum number of steps required to reach the end is 7, since we would need to go through `(1, 2)` because there is a wall everywhere else on the second row.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1062 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given the head of a singly linked list, swap every two nodes and return its head.

For example, given `1 -> 2 -> 3 -> 4`, return `2 -> 1 -> 4 -> 3`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1063 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Sumo Logic.

Given a array that's sorted but rotated at some unknown pivot, in which all elements are distinct, find a "peak" element in `O(log N)` time.

An element is considered a peak if it is greater than both its left and right neighbors. It is guaranteed that the first and last elements are lower than all others.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1064 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Two Sigma.

Using a function `rand5()` that returns an integer from 1 to 5 (inclusive) with uniform probability, implement a function `rand7()` that returns an integer from 1 to 7 (inclusive).

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1065 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Yahoo.

Write an algorithm that computes the reversal of a directed graph. For example, if a graph consists of `A` -> `B` -> `C`, it should become `A <- B <- C`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1066 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

The [stable marriage problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stable_marriage_problem) is defined as follows:

Suppose you have `N` men and `N` women, and each person has ranked their prospective opposite-sex partners in order of preference.

For example, if `N = 3`, the input could be something like this:

```
guy_preferences = {
    'andrew': ['caroline', 'abigail', 'betty'],
    'bill': ['caroline', 'betty', 'abigail'],
    'chester': ['betty', 'caroline', 'abigail'],
}

gal_preferences = {
    'abigail': ['andrew', 'bill', 'chester'],
    'betty': ['bill', 'andrew', 'chester'],
    'caroline': ['bill', 'chester', 'andrew']
}
```

Write an algorithm that pairs the men and women together in such a way that no two people of opposite sex would both rather be with each other than with their current partners.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1067 [Medium]

This question was asked by BufferBox.

Given a binary tree where all nodes are either `0` or `1`, prune the tree so that subtrees containing all `0`s are removed.

For example, given the following tree:

```
   0
  / \
 1   0
    / \
   1   0
  / \
 0   0
```

should be pruned to:

```
   0
  / \
 1   0
    /
   1
```

We do not remove the tree at the root or its left child because it still has a `1` as a descendant.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1068 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

You are given an string representing the initial conditions of some dominoes. Each element can take one of three values:

- `L`, meaning the domino has just been pushed to the left,
- `R`, meaning the domino has just been pushed to the right, or
- `.`, meaning the domino is standing still.

Determine the orientation of each tile when the dominoes stop falling. Note that if a domino receives a force from the left and right side simultaneously, it will remain upright.

For example, given the string `.L.R....L`, you should return `LL.RRRLLL`.

Given the string `..R...L.L`, you should return `..RR.LLLL`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1069 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Square.

In front of you is a row of `N` coins, with values `v``1`, `v``1`, ..., `v``n`.

You are asked to play the following game. You and an opponent take turns choosing either the first or last coin from the row, removing it from the row, and receiving the value of the coin.

Write a program that returns the maximum amount of money you can win with certainty, if you move first, assuming your opponent plays optimally.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1070 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

A girl is walking along an apple orchard with a bag in each hand. She likes to pick apples from each tree as she goes along, but is meticulous about not putting different kinds of apples in the same bag.

Given an input describing the types of apples she will pass on her path, in order, determine the length of the longest portion of her path that consists of just two types of apple trees.

For example, given the input `[2, 1, 2, 3, 3, 1, 3, 5]`, the longest portion will involve types `1` and `3`, with a length of four.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1071 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given a list of integers S and a target number k, write a function that returns a subset of S that adds up to k. If such a subset cannot be made, then return null.

Integers can appear more than once in the list. You may assume all numbers in the list are positive.

For example, given S = [12, 1, 61, 5, 9, 2] and k = 24, return [12, 9, 2, 1] since it sums up to 24.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1072 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a binary tree, return the level of the tree with minimum sum.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1073 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Apple.

Implement a job scheduler which takes in a function `f` and an integer `n`, and calls `f` after `n` milliseconds.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1074 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Twitter.

Given a binary tree, find the lowest common ancestor (LCA) of two given nodes in the tree. Assume that each node in the tree also has a pointer to its parent.

According to the definition of [LCA on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lowest_common_ancestor): “The lowest common ancestor is defined between two nodes v and w as the lowest node in T that has both v and w as descendants (where we allow a node to be a descendant of itself).”

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1075 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Apple.

Implement the function `fib(n)`, which returns the `n``th` number in the Fibonacci sequence, using only `O(1)` space.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1076 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Squarespace.

Write a function, `add_subtract`, which alternately adds and subtracts curried arguments. Here are some sample operations:

```
add_subtract(7) -> 7

add_subtract(1)(2)(3) -> 1 + 2 - 3 -> 0

add_subtract(-5)(10)(3)(9) -> -5 + 10 - 3 + 9 -> 11
```

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1077 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

A tree is symmetric if its data and shape remain unchanged when it is reflected about the root node. The following tree is an example:

```
        4
      / | \
    3   5   3
  /           \
9              9
```

Given a `k`-ary tree, determine whether it is symmetric.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1078 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given a binary tree of integers, find the maximum path sum between two nodes. The path must go through at least one node, and does not need to go through the root.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1079 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given an array of integers in which two elements appear exactly once and all other elements appear exactly twice, find the two elements that appear only once.

For example, given the array `[2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 2, 6, 10]`, return `4` and `8`. The order does not matter.

Follow-up: Can you do this in linear time and constant space?

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1080 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

You are given a starting state `start`, a list of transition probabilities for a Markov chain, and a number of steps `num_steps`. Run the Markov chain starting from `start` for `num_steps` and compute the number of times we visited each state.

For example, given the starting state `a`, number of steps 5000, and the following transition probabilities:

```
[
  ('a', 'a', 0.9),
  ('a', 'b', 0.075),
  ('a', 'c', 0.025),
  ('b', 'a', 0.15),
  ('b', 'b', 0.8),
  ('b', 'c', 0.05),
  ('c', 'a', 0.25),
  ('c', 'b', 0.25),
  ('c', 'c', 0.5)
]
```

One instance of running this Markov chain might produce `{ 'a': 3012, 'b': 1656, 'c': 332 }`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1081 [Medium]

Given a 2-D matrix representing an image, a location of a pixel in the screen and a color `C`, replace the color of the given pixel and all adjacent same colored pixels with `C`.

For example, given the following matrix, and location pixel of (2, 2), and 'G' for green:

```
B B W
W W W
W W W
B B B
```

Becomes

```
B B G
G G G
G G G
B B B
```

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1082 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Salesforce.

Connect 4 is a game where opponents take turns dropping red or black discs into a `7 x 6` vertically suspended grid. The game ends either when one player creates a line of four consecutive discs of their color (horizontally, vertically, or diagonally), or when there are no more spots left in the grid.

Design and implement Connect 4.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1083 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a number in [Roman numeral](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_numerals) format, convert it to decimal.

The values of Roman numerals are as follows:

```
{
    'M': 1000,
    'D': 500,
    'C': 100,
    'L': 50,
    'X': 10,
    'V': 5,
    'I': 1
}
```

In addition, note that the Roman numeral system uses [subtractive notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subtractive_notation) for numbers such as `IV` and `XL`.

For the input `XIV`, for instance, you should return `14`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1084 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Stripe.

`reduce` (also known as `fold`) is a function that takes in an array, a combining function, and an initial value and builds up a result by calling the combining function on each element of the array, left to right. For example, we can write `sum()` in terms of `reduce`:

```
def add(a, b):
    return a + b

def sum(lst):
    return reduce(lst, add, 0)
```

This should call `add` on the initial value with the first element of the array, and then the result of that with the second element of the array, and so on until we reach the end, when we return the sum of the array.

Implement your own version of `reduce`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1085 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Snapchat.

Given a string of digits, generate all possible valid IP address combinations.

IP addresses must follow the format A.B.C.D, where A, B, C, and D are numbers between `0` and `255`. Zero-prefixed numbers, such as `01` and `065`, are not allowed, except for `0` itself.

For example, given "2542540123", you should return ['254.25.40.123', '254.254.0.123'].

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1086 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Dropbox.

Sudoku is a puzzle where you're given a partially-filled 9 by 9 grid with digits. The objective is to fill the grid with the constraint that every row, column, and box (3 by 3 subgrid) must contain all of the digits from 1 to 9.

Implement an efficient sudoku solver.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1087 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given two strings A and B, return whether or not A can be shifted some number of times to get B.

For example, if A is `abcde` and B is `cdeab`, return true. If A is `abc` and B is `acb`, return false.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1088 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Quantcast.

You are presented with an array representing a Boolean expression. The elements are of two kinds:

- `T` and `F`, representing the values `True` and `False`.
- `&`, `|`, and `^`, representing the bitwise operators for `AND`, `OR`, and `XOR`.

Determine the number of ways to group the array elements using parentheses so that the entire expression evaluates to `True`.

For example, suppose the input is `['F', '|', 'T', '&', 'T']`. In this case, there are two acceptable groupings: `(F | T) & T` and `F | (T & T)`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1089 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given an array of integers and a number k, where 1 <= k <= length of the array, compute the maximum values of each subarray of length k.

For example, given array = [10, 5, 2, 7, 8, 7] and k = 3, we should get: [10, 7, 8, 8], since:

- 10 = max(10, 5, 2)
- 7 = max(5, 2, 7)
- 8 = max(2, 7, 8)
- 8 = max(7, 8, 7)

Do this in O(n) time and O(k) space. You can modify the input array in-place and you do not need to store the results. You can simply print them out as you compute them.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1090 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Airbnb.

Given a list of words, find all pairs of unique indices such that the concatenation of the two words is a palindrome.

For example, given the list `["code", "edoc", "da", "d"]`, return `[(0, 1), (1, 0), (2, 3)]`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1091 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Twitter.

A classroom consists of `N` students, whose friendships can be represented in an adjacency list. For example, the following descibes a situation where `0` is friends with `1` and `2`, `3` is friends with `6`, and so on.

```
{0: [1, 2],
 1: [0, 5],
 2: [0],
 3: [6],
 4: [],
 5: [1],
 6: [3]} 
```

Each student can be placed in a friend group, which can be defined as the transitive closure of that student's friendship relations. In other words, this is the smallest set such that no student in the group has any friends outside this group. For the example above, the friend groups would be `{0, 1, 2, 5}, {3, 6}, {4}`.

Given a friendship list such as the one above, determine the number of friend groups in the class.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1092 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

A regular number in mathematics is defined as one which evenly divides some power of `60`. Equivalently, we can say that a regular number is one whose only prime divisors are `2`, `3`, and `5`.

These numbers have had many applications, from helping ancient Babylonians keep time to tuning instruments according to the diatonic scale.

Given an integer `N`, write a program that returns, in order, the first `N` regular numbers.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1093 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given an array of integers, return a new array where each element in the new array is the number of smaller elements to the right of that element in the original input array.

For example, given the array `[3, 4, 9, 6, 1]`, return `[1, 1, 2, 1, 0]`, since:

- There is 1 smaller element to the right of 3
- There is 1 smaller element to the right of 4
- There are 2 smaller elements to the right of 9
- There is 1 smaller element to the right of 6
- There are no smaller elements to the right of 1

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1094 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Apple.

Given a linked list, uniformly shuffle the nodes. What if we want to prioritize space over time?

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1095 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

You are given given a list of rectangles represented by min and max x- and y-coordinates. Compute whether or not a pair of rectangles overlap each other. If one rectangle completely covers another, it is considered overlapping.

For example, given the following rectangles:

```
{
    "top_left": (1, 4),
    "dimensions": (3, 3) # width, height
},
{
    "top_left": (-1, 3),
    "dimensions": (2, 1)
},
{
    "top_left": (0, 5),
    "dimensions": (4, 3)
}
```

return `true` as the first and third rectangle overlap each other.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1096 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Google.

Implement an LFU (Least Frequently Used) cache. It should be able to be initialized with a cache size `n`, and contain the following methods:

- `set(key, value)`: sets `key` to `value`. If there are already `n` items in the cache and we are adding a new item, then it should also remove the least frequently used item. If there is a tie, then the least recently used key should be removed.
- `get(key)`: gets the value at `key`. If no such key exists, return null.

Each operation should run in O(1) time.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1097 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Yahoo.

You are given a string of length `N` and a parameter `k`. The string can be manipulated by taking one of the first `k` letters and moving it to the end.

Write a program to determine the lexicographically smallest string that can be created after an unlimited number of moves.

For example, suppose we are given the string `daily` and `k = 1`. The best we can create in this case is `ailyd`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1098 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Oracle.

Given a binary search tree, find the floor and ceiling of a given integer. The floor is the highest element in the tree less than or equal to an integer, while the ceiling is the lowest element in the tree greater than or equal to an integer.

If either value does not exist, return None.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1099 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given an array and a number `k` that's smaller than the length of the array, rotate the array to the right `k` elements in-place.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1100 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Netflix.

Given a sorted list of integers of length `N`, determine if an element `x` is in the list without performing any multiplication, division, or bit-shift operations.

Do this in `O(log N)` time.


