# Daily Coding Problems 901 - 1000

## Problem 901 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Google.

Design a system to crawl and copy all of Wikipedia using a distributed network of machines.

More specifically, suppose your server has access to a set of client machines. Your client machines can execute code you have written to access Wikipedia pages, download and parse their data, and write the results to a database.

Some questions you may want to consider as part of your solution are:

- How will you reach as many pages as possible?
- How can you keep track of pages that have already been visited?
- How will you deal with your client machines being blacklisted?
- How can you update your database when Wikipedia pages are added or updated?

## Problem 902 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Stripe.

Given a collection of intervals, find the minimum number of intervals you need to remove to make the rest of the intervals non-overlapping.

Intervals can "touch", such as `[0, 1]` and `[1, 2]`, but they won't be considered overlapping.

For example, given the intervals `(7, 9), (2, 4), (5, 8)`, return 1 as the last interval can be removed and the first two won't overlap.

The intervals are not necessarily sorted in any order.

## Problem 903 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Given an array of numbers and a number `k`, determine if there are three entries in the array which add up to the specified number `k`. For example, given `[20, 303, 3, 4, 25]` and `k = 49`, return `true` as `20 + 4 + 25 = 49`.

## Problem 904 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given the root of a binary tree, return a deepest node. For example, in the following tree, return d.

```
    a
   / \
  b   c
 /
d
```

## Problem 905 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Dropbox.

Given a list of words, determine whether the words can be chained to form a circle. A word `X` can be placed in front of another word `Y` in a circle if the last character of `X` is same as the first character of `Y`.

For example, the words `['chair', 'height', 'racket', touch', 'tunic']` can form the following circle: `chair --> racket --> touch --> height --> tunic --> chair`.

## Problem 906 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given a set of points (x, y) on a 2D cartesian plane, find the two closest points. For example, given the points `[(1, 1), (-1, -1), (3, 4), (6, 1), (-1, -6), (-4, -3)]`, return `[(-1, -1), (1, 1)]`.

## Problem 907 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Apple.

[Gray code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gray_code) is a binary code where each successive value differ in only one bit, as well as when wrapping around. Gray code is common in hardware so that we don't see temporary spurious values during transitions.

Given a number of bits `n`, generate a possible gray code for it.

For example, for n = `2`, one gray code would be `[00, 01, 11, 10]`.

## Problem 908 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

You are given an N by M 2D matrix of lowercase letters. Determine the minimum number of columns that can be removed to ensure that each row is ordered from top to bottom lexicographically. That is, the letter at each column is lexicographically later as you go down each row. It does not matter whether each row itself is ordered lexicographically.

For example, given the following table:

```
cba
daf
ghi
```

This is not ordered because of the a in the center. We can remove the second column to make it ordered:

```
ca
df
gi
```

So your function should return 1, since we only needed to remove 1 column.

As another example, given the following table:

```
abcdef
```

Your function should return 0, since the rows are already ordered (there's only one row).

As another example, given the following table:

```
zyx
wvu
tsr
```

Your function should return 3, since we would need to remove all the columns to order it.

## Problem 909 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given a set of closed intervals, find the smallest set of numbers that covers all the intervals. If there are multiple smallest sets, return any of them.

For example, given the intervals `[0, 3], [2, 6], [3, 4], [6, 9]`, one set of numbers that covers all these intervals is `{3, 6}`.

## Problem 910 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Yelp.

You are given an array of integers, where each element represents the maximum number of steps that can be jumped going forward from that element. Write a function to return the minimum number of jumps you must take in order to get from the start to the end of the array.

For example, given `[6, 2, 4, 0, 5, 1, 1, 4, 2, 9]`, you should return `2`, as the optimal solution involves jumping from `6` to `5`, and then from `5` to `9`.

## Problem 911 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a stream of elements too large to store in memory, pick a random element from the stream with uniform probability.

## Problem 912 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Yext.

Two nodes in a binary tree can be called cousins if they are on the same level of the tree but have different parents. For example, in the following diagram `4` and `6` are cousins.

```
    1
   / \
  2   3
 / \   \
4   5   6
```

Given a binary tree and a particular node, find all cousins of that node.

## Problem 913 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given a complete binary tree, count the number of nodes in faster than O(n) time. Recall that a complete binary tree has every level filled except the last, and the nodes in the last level are filled starting from the left.

## Problem 914 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Netflix.

Implement a queue using a set of fixed-length arrays.

The queue should support `enqueue`, `dequeue`, and `get_size` operations.

## Problem 915 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Airbnb.

You are given an array `X` of floating-point numbers `x``1`, `x``2`, ... `x``n`. These can be rounded up or down to create a corresponding array `Y` of integers `y``1`, `y``2`, ... `y``n`.

Write an algorithm that finds an appropriate `Y` array with the following properties:

- The rounded sums of both arrays should be equal.
- The absolute pairwise difference between elements is minimized. In other words, `|x``1``- y``1``| + |x``2``- y``2``| + ... + |x``n``- y``n``|` should be as small as possible.

For example, suppose your input is `[1.3, 2.3, 4.4]`. In this case you cannot do better than `[1, 2, 5]`, which has an absolute difference of `|1.3 - 1| + |2.3 - 2| + |4.4 - 5| = 1`.

## Problem 916 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given the head of a singly linked list, reverse it in-place.

## Problem 917 [Medium]

This problem was asked by LinkedIn.

Given a linked list of numbers and a pivot `k`, partition the linked list so that all nodes less than `k` come before nodes greater than or equal to `k`.

For example, given the linked list `5 -> 1 -> 8 -> 0 -> 3` and `k = 3`, the solution could be `1 -> 0 -> 5 -> 8 -> 3`.

## Problem 918 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Google.

PageRank is an algorithm used by Google to rank the importance of different websites. While there have been changes over the years, the central idea is to assign each site a score based on the importance of other pages that link to that page.

More mathematically, suppose there are `N` sites, and each site `i` has a certain count `C``i` of outgoing links. Then the score for a particular site `S``j` is defined as :

```
score(Sj) = (1 - d) / N + d * (score(Sx) / Cx+ score(Sy) / Cy+ ... + score(Sz) / Cz))
```

Here, `S``x`, `S``y`, `...`, `S``z` denote the scores of all the other sites that have outgoing links to `S``j`, and `d` is a damping factor, usually set to around `0.85`, used to model the probability that a user will stop searching.

Given a directed graph of links between various websites, write a program that calculates each site's page rank.

## Problem 919 [Medium]

This problem was asked by LinkedIn.

A wall consists of several rows of bricks of various integer lengths and uniform height. Your goal is to find a vertical line going from the top to the bottom of the wall that cuts through the fewest number of bricks. If the line goes through the edge between two bricks, this does not count as a cut.

For example, suppose the input is as follows, where values in each row represent the lengths of bricks in that row:

```
[[3, 5, 1, 1],
 [2, 3, 3, 2],
 [5, 5],
 [4, 4, 2],
 [1, 3, 3, 3],
 [1, 1, 6, 1, 1]]
```

The best we can we do here is to draw a line after the eighth brick, which will only require cutting through the bricks in the third and fifth row.

Given an input consisting of brick lengths for each row such as the one above, return the fewest number of bricks that must be cut to create a vertical line.

## Problem 920 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Triplebyte.

Implement a data structure which carries out the following operations without resizing the underlying array:

- `add(value)`: Add a value to the set of values.
- `check(value)`: Check whether a value is in the set.

The `check` method may return occasional false positives (in other words, incorrectly identifying an element as part of the set), but should always correctly identify a true element.

## Problem 921 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Google.

An XOR linked list is a more memory efficient doubly linked list. Instead of each node holding `next` and `prev` fields, it holds a field named `both`, which is an XOR of the next node and the previous node. Implement an XOR linked list; it has an `add(element)` which adds the element to the end, and a `get(index)` which returns the node at index.

If using a language that has no pointers (such as Python), you can assume you have access to `get_pointer` and `dereference_pointer` functions that converts between nodes and memory addresses.

## Problem 922 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Implement locking in a binary tree. A binary tree node can be locked or unlocked only if all of its descendants or ancestors are not locked.

Design a binary tree node class with the following methods:

- `is_locked`, which returns whether the node is locked
- `lock`, which attempts to lock the node. If it cannot be locked, then it should return false. Otherwise, it should lock it and return true.
- `unlock`, which unlocks the node. If it cannot be unlocked, then it should return false. Otherwise, it should unlock it and return true.

You may augment the node to add parent pointers or any other property you would like. You may assume the class is used in a single-threaded program, so there is no need for actual locks or mutexes. Each method should run in O(h), where h is the height of the tree.

## Problem 923 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Indeed.

Given a `32`-bit positive integer `N`, determine whether it is a power of four in faster than `O(log N)` time.

## Problem 924 [Easy]

This problem was asked by WhatsApp.

Given an array of integers out of order, determine the bounds of the smallest window that must be sorted in order for the entire array to be sorted. For example, given `[3, 7, 5, 6, 9]`, you should return `(1, 3)`.

## Problem 925 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Stripe.

Write a function to flatten a nested dictionary. Namespace the keys with a period.

For example, given the following dictionary:

```
{
    "key": 3,
    "foo": {
        "a": 5,
        "bar": {
            "baz": 8
        }
    }
}
```

it should become:

```
{
    "key": 3,
    "foo.a": 5,
    "foo.bar.baz": 8
}
```

You can assume keys do not contain dots in them, i.e. no clobbering will occur.

## Problem 926 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Apple.

Given the root of a binary tree, find the most frequent subtree sum. The subtree sum of a node is the sum of all values under a node, including the node itself.

For example, given the following tree:

```
  5
 / \
2  -5
```

Return `2` as it occurs twice: once as the left leaf, and once as the sum of `2 + 5 - 5`.

## Problem 927 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Airbnb.

Given a linked list and a positive integer `k`, rotate the list to the right by `k` places.

For example, given the linked list `7 -> 7 -> 3 -> 5` and `k = 2`, it should become `3 -> 5 -> 7 -> 7`.

Given the linked list `1 -> 2 -> 3 -> 4 -> 5` and `k = 3`, it should become `3 -> 4 -> 5 -> 1 -> 2`.

## Problem 928 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

A number is considered perfect if its digits sum up to exactly 10.

Given a positive integer `n`, return the `n`-th perfect number.

For example, given 1, you should return 19. Given 2, you should return 28.

## Problem 929 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Square.

A competitive runner would like to create a route that starts and ends at his house, with the condition that the route goes entirely uphill at first, and then entirely downhill.

Given a dictionary of places of the form `{location: elevation}`, and a dictionary mapping paths between some of these locations to their corresponding distances, find the length of the shortest route satisfying the condition above. Assume the runner's home is location `0`.

For example, suppose you are given the following input:

```
elevations = {0: 5, 1: 25, 2: 15, 3: 20, 4: 10}
paths = {
    (0, 1): 10,
    (0, 2): 8,
    (0, 3): 15,
    (1, 3): 12,
    (2, 4): 10,
    (3, 4): 5,
    (3, 0): 17,
    (4, 0): 10
}
```

In this case, the shortest valid path would be `0 -> 2 -> 4 -> 0`, with a distance of `28`.

## Problem 930 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given a linked list, sort it in O(n log n) time and constant space.

For example, the linked list `4 -> 1 -> -3 -> 99` should become `-3 -> 1 -> 4 -> 99`.

## Problem 931 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given `n` numbers, find the greatest common denominator between them.

For example, given the numbers `[42, 56, 14]`, return `14`.

## Problem 932 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Twitch.

Describe what happens when you type a URL into your browser and press Enter.

## Problem 933 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Pinterest.

The sequence `[0, 1, ..., N]` has been jumbled, and the only clue you have for its order is an array representing whether each number is larger or smaller than the last. Given this information, reconstruct an array that is consistent with it. For example, given `[None, +, +, -, +]`, you could return `[1, 2, 3, 0, 4]`.

## Problem 934 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given a string, return the first recurring character in it, or null if there is no recurring character.

For example, given the string "acbbac", return "b". Given the string "abcdef", return null.

## Problem 935 [Easy]

This problem was asked by PayPal.

Given a binary tree, determine whether or not it is height-balanced. A height-balanced binary tree can be defined as one in which the heights of the two subtrees of any node never differ by more than one.

## Problem 936 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given a binary search tree and a range `[a, b]` (inclusive), return the sum of the elements of the binary search tree within the range.

For example, given the following tree:

```
    5
   / \
  3   8
 / \ / \
2  4 6  10
```

and the range `[4, 9]`, return `23` (5 + 4 + 6 + 8).

## Problem 937 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Google.

You're given a string consisting solely of `(`, `)`, and `*`. `*` can represent either a `(`, `)`, or an empty string. Determine whether the parentheses are balanced.

For example, `(()*` and `(*)` are balanced. `)*(` is not balanced.

## Problem 938 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Citrix.

You are given a circular lock with three wheels, each of which display the numbers `0` through `9` in order. Each of these wheels rotate clockwise and counterclockwise.

In addition, the lock has a certain number of "dead ends", meaning that if you turn the wheels to one of these combinations, the lock becomes stuck in that state and cannot be opened.

Let us consider a "move" to be a rotation of a single wheel by one digit, in either direction. Given a lock initially set to `000`, a target combination, and a list of dead ends, write a function that returns the minimum number of moves required to reach the target state, or `None` if this is impossible.

## Problem 939 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given a N by M matrix of numbers, print out the matrix in a clockwise spiral.

For example, given the following matrix:

```
[[1,  2,  3,  4,  5],
 [6,  7,  8,  9,  10],
 [11, 12, 13, 14, 15],
 [16, 17, 18, 19, 20]]
```

You should print out the following:

```
1
2
3
4
5
10
15
20
19
18
17
16
11
6
7
8
9
14
13
12
```

## Problem 940 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Twitter.

A network consists of nodes labeled `0` to `N`. You are given a list of edges `(a, b, t)`, describing the time `t` it takes for a message to be sent from node `a` to node `b`. Whenever a node receives a message, it immediately passes the message on to a neighboring node, if possible.

Assuming all nodes are connected, determine how long it will take for every node to receive a message that begins at node `0`.

For example, given `N = 5`, and the following edges:

```
edges = [
    (0, 1, 5),
    (0, 2, 3),
    (0, 5, 4),
    (1, 3, 8),
    (2, 3, 1),
    (3, 5, 10),
    (3, 4, 5)
]
```

You should return `9`, because propagating the message from `0 -> 2 -> 3 -> 4` will take that much time.

## Problem 941 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Jane Street.

Suppose you are given a table of currency exchange rates, represented as a 2D array. Determine whether there is a possible arbitrage: that is, whether there is some sequence of trades you can make, starting with some amount A of any currency, so that you can end up with some amount greater than A of that currency.

There are no transaction costs and you can trade fractional quantities.

## Problem 942 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given a string of parentheses, write a function to compute the minimum number of parentheses to be removed to make the string valid (i.e. each open parenthesis is eventually closed).

For example, given the string "()())()", you should return 1. Given the string ")(", you should return 2, since we must remove all of them.

## Problem 943 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Wayfair.

You are given a `2 x N` board, and instructed to completely cover the board with the following shapes:

- Dominoes, or `2 x 1` rectangles.
- Trominoes, or `L`-shapes.

For example, if `N = 4`, here is one possible configuration, where `A` is a domino, and `B` and `C` are trominoes.

```
A B B C
A B C C
```

Given an integer `N`, determine in how many ways this task is possible.

## Problem 944 [Easy]

This problem was asked by IBM.

Given an integer, find the next permutation of it in absolute order. For example, given `48975`, the next permutation would be `49578`.

## Problem 945 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Uber.

Given a tree where each edge has a weight, compute the length of the longest path in the tree.

For example, given the following tree:

```
   a
  /|\
 b c d
    / \
   e   f
  / \
 g   h
```

and the weights: `a-b: 3, a-c: 5, a-d: 8, d-e: 2, d-f: 4, e-g: 1, e-h: 1`, the longest path would be `c -> a -> d -> f`, with a length of 17.

The path does not have to pass through the root, and each node can have any amount of children.

## Problem 946 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Stitch Fix.

Pascal's triangle is a triangular array of integers constructed with the following formula:

- The first row consists of the number `1`.
- For each subsequent row, each element is the sum of the numbers directly above it, on either side.

For example, here are the first few rows:

```
    1
   1 1
  1 2 1
 1 3 3 1
1 4 6 4 1
```

Given an input `k`, return the `k``th` row of Pascal's triangle.

Bonus: Can you do this using only `O(k)` space?

## Problem 947 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Oracle.

We say a number is sparse if there are no adjacent ones in its binary representation. For example, `21` (10101) is sparse, but `22` (10110) is not. For a given input `N`, find the smallest sparse number greater than or equal to `N`.

Do this in faster than `O(N log N)` time.

## Problem 948 [Medium]

The Tower of Hanoi is a puzzle game with three rods and n disks, each a different size.

All the disks start off on the first rod in a stack. They are ordered by size, with the largest disk on the bottom and the smallest one at the top.

The goal of this puzzle is to move all the disks from the first rod to the last rod while following these rules:

- You can only move one disk at a time.
- A move consists of taking the uppermost disk from one of the stacks and placing it on top of another stack.
- You cannot place a larger disk on top of a smaller disk.

Write a function that prints out all the steps necessary to complete the Tower of Hanoi. You should assume that the rods are numbered, with the first rod being 1, the second (auxiliary) rod being 2, and the last (goal) rod being 3.

For example, with n = 3, we can do this in 7 moves:

```
Move 1 to 3
Move 1 to 2
Move 3 to 2
Move 1 to 3
Move 2 to 1
Move 2 to 3
Move 1 to 3
```

## Problem 949 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Twitter.

Implement an autocomplete system. That is, given a query string `s` and a set of all possible query strings, return all strings in the set that have s as a prefix.

For example, given the query string `de` and the set of strings [`dog`, `deer`, `deal`], return [`deer`, `deal`].

Hint: Try preprocessing the dictionary into a more efficient data structure to speed up queries.

## Problem 950 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

You are given a list of data entries that represent entries and exits of groups of people into a building. An entry looks like this:

```
{"timestamp": 1526579928, count: 3, "type": "enter"}
```

This means 3 people entered the building. An exit looks like this:

```
{"timestamp": 1526580382, count: 2, "type": "exit"}
```

This means that 2 people exited the building. `timestamp` is in [Unix time](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_time).

Find the busiest period in the building, that is, the time with the most people in the building. Return it as a pair of `(start, end)` timestamps. You can assume the building always starts off and ends up empty, i.e. with 0 people inside.

## Problem 951 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given a stack of N elements, interleave the first half of the stack with the second half reversed using only one other queue. This should be done in-place.

Recall that you can only push or pop from a stack, and enqueue or dequeue from a queue.

For example, if the stack is [1, 2, 3, 4, 5], it should become [1, 5, 2, 4, 3]. If the stack is [1, 2, 3, 4], it should become [1, 4, 2, 3].

Hint: Try working backwards from the end state.

## Problem 952 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Slack.

You are given a string formed by concatenating several words corresponding to the integers zero through nine and then anagramming.

For example, the input could be 'niesevehrtfeev', which is an anagram of 'threefiveseven'. Note that there can be multiple instances of each integer.

Given this string, return the original integers in sorted order. In the example above, this would be `357`.

## Problem 953 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Airbnb.

Given a list of integers, write a function that returns the largest sum of non-adjacent numbers. Numbers can be `0` or negative.

For example, `[2, 4, 6, 2, 5]` should return `13`, since we pick `2`, `6`, and `5`. `[5, 1, 1, 5]` should return `10`, since we pick `5` and `5`.

Follow-up: Can you do this in O(N) time and constant space?

## Problem 954 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

A unival tree (which stands for "universal value") is a tree where all nodes under it have the same value.

Given the root to a binary tree, count the number of unival subtrees.

For example, the following tree has 5 unival subtrees:

```
   0
  / \
 1   0
    / \
   1   0
  / \
 1   1
```

## Problem 955 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Suppose an arithmetic expression is given as a binary tree. Each leaf is an integer and each internal node is one of '+', '−', '∗', or '/'.

Given the root to such a tree, write a function to evaluate it.

For example, given the following tree:

```
    *
   / \
  +    +
 / \  / \
3  2  4  5
```

You should return 45, as it is (3 + 2) * (4 + 5).

## Problem 956 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given k sorted singly linked lists, write a function to merge all the lists into one sorted singly linked list.

## Problem 957 [Hard]

This problem was asked by VMware.

The skyline of a city is composed of several buildings of various widths and heights, possibly overlapping one another when viewed from a distance. We can represent the buildings using an array of `(left, right, height)` tuples, which tell us where on an imaginary x-axis a building begins and ends, and how tall it is. The skyline itself can be described by a list of `(x, height)` tuples, giving the locations at which the height visible to a distant observer changes, and each new height.

Given an array of buildings as described above, create a function that returns the skyline.

For example, suppose the input consists of the buildings `[(0, 15, 3), (4, 11, 5), (19, 23, 4)]`. In aggregate, these buildings would create a skyline that looks like the one below.

```
     ______  
    |      |        ___
 ___|      |___    |   | 
|   |   B  |   |   | C |
| A |      | A |   |   |
|   |      |   |   |   |
------------------------
```

As a result, your function should return `[(0, 3), (4, 5), (11, 3), (15, 0), (19, 4), (23, 0)]`.

## Problem 958 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given an unordered list of flights taken by someone, each represented as (origin, destination) pairs, and a starting airport, compute the person's itinerary. If no such itinerary exists, return null. If there are multiple possible itineraries, return the lexicographically smallest one. All flights must be used in the itinerary.

For example, given the list of flights [('SFO', 'HKO'), ('YYZ', 'SFO'), ('YUL', 'YYZ'), ('HKO', 'ORD')] and starting airport 'YUL', you should return the list ['YUL', 'YYZ', 'SFO', 'HKO', 'ORD'].

Given the list of flights [('SFO', 'COM'), ('COM', 'YYZ')] and starting airport 'COM', you should return null.

Given the list of flights [('A', 'B'), ('A', 'C'), ('B', 'C'), ('C', 'A')] and starting airport 'A', you should return the list ['A', 'B', 'C', 'A', 'C'] even though ['A', 'C', 'A', 'B', 'C'] is also a valid itinerary. However, the first one is lexicographically smaller.

## Problem 959 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Pivotal.

Write an algorithm that finds the total number of set bits in all integers between `1` and `N`.

## Problem 960 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

You are given an array of nonnegative integers. Let's say you start at the beginning of the array and are trying to advance to the end. You can advance at most, the number of steps that you're currently on. Determine whether you can get to the end of the array.

For example, given the array `[1, 3, 1, 2, 0, 1]`, we can go from indices `0 -> 1 -> 3 -> 5`, so return `true`.

Given the array `[1, 2, 1, 0, 0]`, we can't reach the end, so return `false`.

## Problem 961 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Quora.

Given an absolute pathname that may have `.` or `..` as part of it, return the shortest standardized path.

For example, given "/usr/bin/../bin/./scripts/../", return "/usr/bin/".

## Problem 962 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Google.

A knight's tour is a sequence of moves by a knight on a chessboard such that all squares are visited once.

Given N, write a function to return the number of knight's tours on an N by N chessboard.

## Problem 963 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given two singly linked lists that intersect at some point, find the intersecting node. The lists are non-cyclical.

For example, given A = 3 -> 7 -> 8 -> 10 and B = 99 -> 1 -> 8 -> 10, return the node with value 8.

In this example, assume nodes with the same value are the exact same node objects.

Do this in O(M + N) time (where M and N are the lengths of the lists) and constant space.

## Problem 964 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Twitter.

You run an e-commerce website and want to record the last `N` `order` ids in a log. Implement a data structure to accomplish this, with the following API:

- record(order_id): adds the order_id to the log
- get_last(i): gets the ith last element from the log. i is guaranteed to be smaller than or equal to N.

You should be as efficient with time and space as possible.

# Daily Coding Problem: Problem #965 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

UTF-8 is a character encoding that maps each symbol to one, two, three, or four bytes.

For example, the Euro sign, €, corresponds to the three bytes 11100010 10000010 10101100. The rules for mapping characters are as follows:

- For a single-byte character, the first bit must be zero.
- For an n-byte character, the first byte starts with n ones and a zero.

The other n - 1 bytes all start with 10.

Visually, this can be represented as follows.

```
 Bytes   |           Byte format
-----------------------------------------------
   1     | 0xxxxxxx
   2     | 110xxxxx 10xxxxxx
   3     | 1110xxxx 10xxxxxx 10xxxxxx
   4     | 11110xxx 10xxxxxx 10xxxxxx 10xxxxxx
```

Write a program that takes in an array of integers representing byte values, and returns whether it is a valid UTF-8 encoding.

## Problem 966 [Medium]

This question was asked by Snapchat.

Given the head to a singly linked list, where each node also has a “random” pointer that points to anywhere in the linked list, deep clone the list.

## Problem 967 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

You are given an array of length `n + 1` whose elements belong to the set `{1, 2, ..., n}`. By the pigeonhole principle, there must be a duplicate. Find it in linear time and space.

## Problem 968 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Flipkart.

Starting from 0 on a number line, you would like to make a series of jumps that lead to the integer N.

On the `i``th` jump, you may move exactly i places to the left or right.

Find a path with the fewest number of jumps required to get from 0 to N.

## Problem 969 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given a matrix of 1s and 0s, return the number of "islands" in the matrix. A 1 represents land and 0 represents water, so an island is a group of 1s that are neighboring whose perimeter is surrounded by water.

For example, this matrix has 4 islands.

```
1 0 0 0 0
0 0 1 1 0
0 1 1 0 0
0 0 0 0 0
1 1 0 0 1
1 1 0 0 1
```

## Problem 970 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

You have a large array with most of the elements as zero.

Use a more space-efficient data structure, SparseArray, that implements the same interface:

- `init(arr, size)`: initialize with the original large array and size.
- `set(i, val)`: updates index at `i` with `val`.
- `get(i)`: gets the value at index `i`.

## Problem 971 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given an N by N matrix, rotate it by 90 degrees clockwise.

For example, given the following matrix:

```
[[1, 2, 3],
 [4, 5, 6],
 [7, 8, 9]]
```

you should return:

```
[[7, 4, 1],
 [8, 5, 2],
 [9, 6, 3]]
```

Follow-up: What if you couldn't use any extra space?

## Problem 972 [Easy]

This problem was asked by IBM.

Given a string with repeated characters, rearrange the string so that no two adjacent characters are the same. If this is not possible, return `None`.

For example, given "aaabbc", you could return "ababac". Given "aaab", return `None`.

## Problem 973 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given the mapping a = 1, b = 2, ... z = 26, and an encoded message, count the number of ways it can be decoded.

For example, the message '111' would give 3, since it could be decoded as 'aaa', 'ka', and 'ak'.

You can assume that the messages are decodable. For example, '001' is not allowed.

## Problem 974 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a string consisting of parentheses, single digits, and positive and negative signs, convert the string into a mathematical expression to obtain the answer.

Don't use `eval` or a similar built-in parser.

For example, given '-1 + (2 + 3)', you should return `4`.

## Problem 975 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Apple.

You are going on a road trip, and would like to create a suitable music playlist. The trip will require `N` songs, though you only have `M` songs downloaded, where `M < N`. A valid playlist should select each song at least once, and guarantee a buffer of `B` songs between repeats.

Given `N`, `M`, and `B`, determine the number of valid playlists.

## Problem 976 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

A cryptarithmetic puzzle is a mathematical game where the digits of some numbers are represented by letters. Each letter represents a unique digit.

For example, a puzzle of the form:

```
  SEND
+ MORE
--------
 MONEY
```

may have the solution:

```
{'S': 9, 'E': 5, 'N': 6, 'D': 7, 'M': 1, 'O', 0, 'R': 8, 'Y': 2}
```

Given a three-word puzzle like the one above, create an algorithm that finds a solution.

## Problem 977 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Implement a URL shortener with the following methods:

- `shorten(url)`, which shortens the url into a six-character alphanumeric string, such as `zLg6wl`.
- `restore(short)`, which expands the shortened string into the original url. If no such shortened string exists, return null.

Hint: What if we enter the same URL twice?

## Problem 978 [Hard]

This problem was asked by LinkedIn.

Given a string, return whether it represents a number. Here are the different kinds of numbers:

- "10", a positive integer
- "-10", a negative integer
- "10.1", a positive real number
- "-10.1", a negative real number
- "1e5", a number in scientific notation

And here are examples of non-numbers:

- "a"
- "x 1"
- "a -2"
- "-"

## Problem 979 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Dropbox.

Conway's Game of Life takes place on an infinite two-dimensional board of square cells. Each cell is either dead or alive, and at each tick, the following rules apply:

- Any live cell with less than two live neighbours dies.
- Any live cell with two or three live neighbours remains living.
- Any live cell with more than three live neighbours dies.
- Any dead cell with exactly three live neighbours becomes a live cell.

A cell neighbours another cell if it is horizontally, vertically, or diagonally adjacent.

Implement Conway's Game of Life. It should be able to be initialized with a starting list of live cell coordinates and the number of steps it should run for. Once initialized, it should print out the board state at each step. Since it's an infinite board, print out only the relevant coordinates, i.e. from the top-leftmost live cell to bottom-rightmost live cell.

You can represent a live cell with an asterisk (`*`) and a dead cell with a dot (`.`).

## Problem 980 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

On our special chessboard, two bishops attack each other if they share the same diagonal. This includes bishops that have another bishop located between them, i.e. bishops can attack through pieces.

You are given N bishops, represented as (row, column) tuples on a M by M chessboard. Write a function to count the number of pairs of bishops that attack each other. The ordering of the pair doesn't matter: (1, 2) is considered the same as (2, 1).

For example, given M = 5 and the list of bishops:

- (0, 0)
- (1, 2)
- (2, 2)
- (4, 0)

The board would look like this:

```
[b 0 0 0 0]
[0 0 b 0 0]
[0 0 b 0 0]
[0 0 0 0 0]
[b 0 0 0 0]
```

You should return 2, since bishops 1 and 3 attack each other, as well as bishops 3 and 4.

## Problem 981 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Describe an algorithm to compute the longest increasing subsequence of an array of numbers in `O(n log n)` time.

## Problem 982 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Twitter.

A strobogrammatic number is a positive number that appears the same after being rotated 180 degrees. For example, `16891` is strobogrammatic.

Create a program that finds all strobogrammatic numbers with `N` digits.

## Problem 983 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a binary tree, return all paths from the root to leaves.

For example, given the tree:

```
   1
  / \
 2   3
    / \
   4   5
```

Return `[[1, 2], [1, 3, 4], [1, 3, 5]]`.

## Problem 984 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a string of parentheses, find the balanced string that can be produced from it using the minimum number of insertions and deletions. If there are multiple solutions, return any of them.

For example, given "(()", you could return "(())". Given "))()(", you could return "()()()()".

## Problem 985 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Uber.

One way to unlock an Android phone is through a pattern of swipes across a `1-9` keypad.

For a pattern to be valid, it must satisfy the following:

- All of its keys must be distinct.
- It must not connect two keys by jumping over a third key, unless that key has already been used.

For example, `4 - 2 - 1 - 7` is a valid pattern, whereas `2 - 1 - 7` is not.

Find the total number of valid unlock patterns of length `N`, where `1 <= N <= 9`.

## Problem 986 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Stripe.

Given an integer `n`, return the length of the longest consecutive run of `1`s in its binary representation.

For example, given `156`, you should return `3`.

## Problem 987 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given an array of numbers and an index `i`, return the index of the nearest larger number of the number at index `i`, where distance is measured in array indices.

For example, given `[4, 1, 3, 5, 6]` and index `0`, you should return `3`.

If two distances to larger numbers are the equal, then return any one of them. If the array at `i` doesn't have a nearest larger integer, then return null.

Follow-up: If you can preprocess the array, can you do this in constant time?

## Problem 988 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given a positive integer `n`, find the smallest number of squared integers which sum to `n`.

For example, given `n` = 13, return 2 since 13 = 3^2 + 2^2 = 9 + 4.

Given `n` = 27, return 3 since 27 = 3^2 + 3^2 + 3^2 = 9 + 9 + 9.

## Problem 989 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Snapchat.

You are given an array of length `N`, where each element `i` represents the number of ways we can produce `i` units of change. For example, `[1, 0, 1, 1, 2]` would indicate that there is only one way to make `0`, `2`, or `3` units, and two ways of making `4` units.

Given such an array, determine the denominations that must be in use. In the case above, for example, there must be coins with value `2`, `3`, and `4`.

## Problem 990 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

There exists a staircase with N steps, and you can climb up either 1 or 2 steps at a time. Given N, write a function that returns the number of unique ways you can climb the staircase. The order of the steps matters.

For example, if N is 4, then there are 5 unique ways:

- 1, 1, 1, 1
- 2, 1, 1
- 1, 2, 1
- 1, 1, 2
- 2, 2

What if, instead of being able to climb 1 or 2 steps at a time, you could climb any number from a set of positive integers X? For example, if X = {1, 3, 5}, you could climb 1, 3, or 5 steps at a time.

## Problem 991 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

What will this code print out?

```
def make_functions():
    flist = []

    for i in [1, 2, 3]:
        def print_i():
            print(i)
        flist.append(print_i)

    return flist

functions = make_functions()
for f in functions:
    f()
```

How can we make it print out what we apparently want?

## Problem 993 [Medium]

This problem was asked by MongoDB.

Given a list of elements, find the majority element, which appears more than half the time (`> floor(len(lst) / 2.0)`).

You can assume that such element exists.

For example, given `[1, 2, 1, 1, 3, 4, 0]`, return 1.

## Problem 994 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Print the nodes in a binary tree level-wise. For example, the following should print 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.

```
  1
 / \
2   3
   / \
  4   5
```

## Problem 995 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Uber.

Given an array of integers, return a new array such that each element at index `i` of the new array is the product of all the numbers in the original array except the one at `i`.

For example, if our input was `[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]`, the expected output would be `[120, 60, 40, 30, 24]`. If our input was `[3, 2, 1]`, the expected output would be `[2, 3, 6]`.

Follow-up: what if you can't use division?

## Problem 996 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Recall that the minimum spanning tree is the subset of edges of a tree that connect all its vertices with the smallest possible total edge weight. Given an undirected graph with weighted edges, compute the *maximum* weight spanning tree.

## Problem 997 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given the root to a binary tree, implement `serialize(root)`, which serializes the tree into a string, and `deserialize(s)`, which deserializes the string back into the tree.

For example, given the following `Node` class

```python
class Node:
    def __init__(self, val, left=None, right=None):
        self.val = val
        self.left = left
        self.right = right
```

The following test should pass:

```python
node = Node('root', Node('left', Node('left.left')), Node('right'))
assert deserialize(serialize(node)).left.left.val == 'left.left'
```

## Problem 998 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given an undirected graph represented as an adjacency matrix and an integer k, write a function to determine whether each vertex in the graph can be colored such that no two adjacent vertices share the same color using at most k colors.

## Problem 999 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Apple.

Suppose you have a multiplication table that is N by N. That is, a 2D array where the value at the `i`-th row and `j`-th column is `(i + 1) * (j + 1)` (if 0-indexed) or `i * j` (if 1-indexed).

Given integers N and X, write a function that returns the number of times X appears as a value in an N by N multiplication table.

For example, given N = 6 and X = 12, you should return 4, since the multiplication table looks like this:

| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 |

| 2 | 4 | 6 | 8 | 10 | 12 |

| 3 | 6 | 9 | 12 | 15 | 18 |

| 4 | 8 | 12 | 16 | 20 | 24 |

| 5 | 10 | 15 | 20 | 25 | 30 |

| 6 | 12 | 18 | 24 | 30 | 36 |

And there are 4 12's in the table.

## Problem 1000 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Uber.

Suppose an array sorted in ascending order is rotated at some pivot unknown to you beforehand. Find the minimum element in O(log N) time. You may assume the array does not contain duplicates.

For example, given [5, 7, 10, 3, 4], return 3.
