## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1701 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Uber.

On election day, a voting machine writes data in the form `(voter_id, candidate_id)` to a text file. Write a program that reads this file as a stream and returns the top `3` candidates at any given time. If you find a voter voting more than once, report this as fraud.## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1702 [Medium]

This question was asked by Google.

Given an N by M matrix consisting only of 1's and 0's, find the largest rectangle containing only 1's and return its area.

For example, given the following matrix:

```
[[1, 0, 0, 0],
 [1, 0, 1, 1],
 [1, 0, 1, 1],
 [0, 1, 0, 0]]
```

Return 4.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1703 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Goldman Sachs.

Given a list of numbers `L`, implement a method `sum(i, j)` which returns the sum from the sublist `L[i:j]` (including `i`, excluding `j`).

For example, given `L = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]`, `sum(1, 3)` should return `sum([2, 3])`, which is `5`.

You can assume that you can do some pre-processing. `sum()` should be optimized over the pre-processing step.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1704 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

At a popular bar, each customer has a set of favorite drinks, and will happily accept any drink among this set. For example, in the following situation, customer `0` will be satisfied with drinks `0`, `1`, `3`, or `6`.

```
preferences = {
    0: [0, 1, 3, 6],
    1: [1, 4, 7],
    2: [2, 4, 7, 5],
    3: [3, 2, 5],
    4: [5, 8]
}
```

A lazy bartender working at this bar is trying to reduce his effort by limiting the drink recipes he must memorize. Given a dictionary input such as the one above, return the fewest number of drinks he must learn in order to satisfy all customers.

For the input above, the answer would be `2`, as drinks `1` and `5` will satisfy everyone.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1705 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Yext.

Two nodes in a binary tree can be called cousins if they are on the same level of the tree but have different parents. For example, in the following diagram `4` and `6` are cousins.

```
    1
   / \
  2   3
 / \   \
4   5   6
```

Given a binary tree and a particular node, find all cousins of that node.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1706 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

Given an unsorted array of integers, find the length of the longest consecutive elements sequence.

For example, given `[100, 4, 200, 1, 3, 2]`, the longest consecutive element sequence is `[1, 2, 3, 4]`. Return its length: `4`.

Your algorithm should run in `O(n)` complexity.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1707 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

In chess, the Elo rating system is used to calculate player strengths based on game results.

A simplified description of the Elo system is as follows. Every player begins at the same score. For each subsequent game, the loser transfers some points to the winner, where the amount of points transferred depends on how unlikely the win is. For example, a 1200-ranked player should gain much more points for beating a 2000-ranked player than for beating a 1300-ranked player.

Implement this system.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1708 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Indeed.

Given a `32`-bit positive integer `N`, determine whether it is a power of four in faster than `O(log N)` time.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1709 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Given an array of integers, write a function to determine whether the array could become non-decreasing by modifying at most 1 element.

For example, given the array [10, 5, 7], you should return true, since we can modify the 10 into a 1 to make the array non-decreasing.

Given the array [10, 5, 1], you should return false, since we can't modify any one element to get a non-decreasing array.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1710 [Medium]

This question was asked by Snapchat.

Given the head to a singly linked list, where each node also has a “random” pointer that points to anywhere in the linked list, deep clone the list.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1711 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Microsoft.

The transitive closure of a graph is a measure of which vertices are reachable from other vertices. It can be represented as a matrix `M`, where `M[i][j] == 1` if there is a path between vertices `i` and `j`, and otherwise `0`.

For example, suppose we are given the following graph in adjacency list form:

```
graph = [
    [0, 1, 3],
    [1, 2],
    [2],
    [3]
]
```

The transitive closure of this graph would be:

```
[1, 1, 1, 1]
[0, 1, 1, 0]
[0, 0, 1, 0]
[0, 0, 0, 1]
```

Given a graph, find its transitive closure.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1712 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

Given the root of a binary search tree, and a target `K`, return two nodes in the tree whose sum equals `K`.

For example, given the following tree and `K` of 20

```
    10
   /   \
 5      15
       /  \
     11    15
```

Return the nodes `5` and `15`.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1713 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Netflix.

Implement a queue using a set of fixed-length arrays.

The queue should support `enqueue`, `dequeue`, and `get_size` operations.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1714 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Google.

You are given an N by N matrix of random letters and a dictionary of words. Find the maximum number of words that can be packed on the board from the given dictionary.

A word is considered to be able to be packed on the board if:

- It can be found in the dictionary
- It can be constructed from untaken letters by other words found so far on the board
- The letters are adjacent to each other (vertically and horizontally, not diagonally).

Each tile can be visited only once by any word.

For example, given the following dictionary:

```
{ 'eat', 'rain', 'in', 'rat' }
```

and matrix:

```
[['e', 'a', 'n'],
 ['t', 't', 'i'],
 ['a', 'r', 'a']]
```

Your function should return 3, since we can make the words 'eat', 'in', and 'rat' without them touching each other. We could have alternatively made 'eat' and 'rain', but that would be incorrect since that's only 2 words.

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1715 [Hard]

This problem was asked by Affirm.

Given a array of numbers representing the stock prices of a company in chronological order, write a function that calculates the maximum profit you could have made from buying and selling that stock. You're also given a number `fee` that represents a transaction fee for each buy and sell transaction.

You must buy before you can sell the stock, but you can make as many transactions as you like.

For example, given [1, 3, 2, 8, 4, 10] and `fee = 2`, you should return 9, since you could buy the stock at 1 dollar, and sell at 8 dollars, and then buy it at 4 dollars and sell it at 10 dollars. Since we did two transactions, there is a 4 dollar fee, so we have 7 + 6 = 13 profit minus 4 dollars of fees.

### Solution

Link: https://k5kc.com/cs/algorithms/spiral-matrix-1-return/

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1716 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Amazon.

Given a N by M matrix of numbers, print out the matrix in a clockwise spiral.

For example, given the following matrix:

```
[[1,  2,  3,  4,  5],
 [6,  7,  8,  9,  10],
 [11, 12, 13, 14, 15],
 [16, 17, 18, 19, 20]]
```

You should print out the following:

```
1
2
3
4
5
10
15
20
19
18
17
16
11
6
7
8
9
14
13
12
```

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1717 [Medium]

This problem was asked by Palantir.

Write an algorithm to justify text. Given a sequence of words and an integer line length k, return a list of strings which represents each line, fully justified.

More specifically, you should have as many words as possible in each line. There should be at least one space between each word. Pad extra spaces when necessary so that each line has exactly length k. Spaces should be distributed as equally as possible, with the extra spaces, if any, distributed starting from the left.

If you can only fit one word on a line, then you should pad the right-hand side with spaces.

Each word is guaranteed not to be longer than k.

For example, given the list of words ["the", "quick", "brown", "fox", "jumps", "over", "the", "lazy", "dog"] and k = 16, you should return the following:

```
["the  quick brown", # 1 extra space on the left
"fox  jumps  over", # 2 extra spaces distributed evenly
"the   lazy   dog"] # 4 extra spaces distributed evenly
```

## Daily Coding Problem: Problem #1718 [Easy]

This problem was asked by Facebook.

Suppose you are given two lists of `n` points, one list p1, p2, ..., pn on the line y = 0 and the other list q1, q2, ..., qn on the line y = 1. Imagine a set of `n` line segments connecting each point pi to qi. Write an algorithm to determine how many pairs of the line segments intersect.

